Cold_Noodles_with_Mountain_Delicacies : Chongyun's specialty. Though these springy noodles would be irresistible in the sweltering summer, Chongyun insists on dining on them even in the chattering cold of winter. What a guy. 
Shawarma_Wrap :  A wrap filled with roasted meat. Meat shaved off the vertical skewer is wrapped in a flatbread together with vegetables and sauces. Plate it up, and a simple yet delicious Sumeru street food is ready.
Fontaine_Aspic :  A cold dish made from seafood. Grind fish meat into a paste and add it to a rectangular mold to be baked. Leave the dish to cool before serving. It feels cold on the tongue but warm in the heart.
Universal_Peace :  Colorful staple food. Maintains perfect balance between soft and fragrant rice and all kinds of carefully selected sweet ingredients. This dish is mainly known for its meaning as a symbol of prosperity and peace, and less so for its taste. However, with such noble ideals behind it, its flavor should not disappoint.
Der_Weisheit_Letzter_Schluss_(Life) : Mona's specialty. A great work from a great astrologer. Its greatest aspect lies with its cost-effectiveness in filling one's stomach. 
Mega-Meaty_Sushi : Sushi made using barbecued meat. Layer upon layer of meat, thin and tender, is piled up in the same way that earth and stone pack together to form a mountain, with the delicate radish paste forming its snow-capped peak. This dish is not only a feast for the eyes, but for the mouth also.
"Fashion_Show" : Chiori's specialty. At the ministrations of her nimble fingers, even the common taiyaki is transformed, garbed in glorious fillings that serenade the senses, regaling your taste buds and eyes with such a grand feast that it threatens to overwhelm them. It would be no overstatement to call this a masterpiece of culinary artistry. 
Crab_Roe_Kourayaki :  A crab meat dish that has been cooked directly over the flames. The meat and roe are mixed evenly, before being garnished with plump crab legs. The happiness that flows forth from that first bite imparts meaning upon your prior forbearance.
Sangayaki :  A simple, humble fisherman's side dish. Freshly caught fish is de-skinned and sliced, minced together with Snapdragon, mixed with miso and salt to form a batter, and then finally grilled. The lovely scent enters your nose long before the food enters your mouth. Three servings later, and you're still raring to go for more.
"Sweet_Dream" : Xiao's specialty. His dream is very simple, and it is merely a lovely dream. 
A_Stunning_Stratagem : Sangonomiya Kokomi's specialty. The egg is wrapped up almost like a package, and the fish tail at the end is both small and very cute. It really makes you wonder what's inside the package, but at the same time, you can't bear to eat such a beautiful-looking thing... You glance at the crystal-clear smile in Kokomi's eyes. Ah, darn it, you've fallen for her trick, haven't you? 
Slow-Cooked_Bamboo_Shoot_Soup : Zhongli's specialty. The ham is a butt end selected according to Yuehai Pavilion's gourmet standards. The fresh meat is pork belly, freshly hunted in Springvale, while the bamboo shoots are the densest you'll find in Qingce Village. It is then heated, slowly, gently, and with the utmost care and technique... Such a "particular" taste may only be shared with those who know how to appreciate it. 
Barbatos_Ratatouille :  A simple chowder with a long history. The ingredients are similarly traditional and simple. No matter where you are, a piping-hot chowder of this sort can always give you a sense of real and unsurpassed satisfaction.
Pop's_Teas :  Tea from Liyue. After a grueling trek around the vast region of Liyue, there's nothing more rejuvenating than a big swig of tea from Pop's Teas. 
Sunset_Berry_Tea :  A fruity drink with a pleasantly sour taste. This scented tea gives off the pleasant aroma of fresh fruit. Its cold and refreshing taste is sure to dispel the stifling heat with each gulp.
A_Prize_Catch : Tartaglia's specialty. It looks like a trapped beast floundering in an ocean of blood, its death throes an inaudible scream... But Tartaglia smiles and explains that this is something he fished out of the sea, with some products from his homeland on the side. 
Invigorating_Kitty_Meal :  This main dish looks rather cute. With Kiminami Anna's help, this dish was made with the tastes of the provisional head priestess Neko in mind. Although it does not quite match the flavor that Hibiki used to produce, Lady Neko seems rather pleased with your work nonetheless, Due to lack of spices, humans might find this dish a tad on the plain side.
Cream_Stew :  A meat and vegetable stew. The thick juices taste great with the tender meat and vegetables.
Tomates_Narbonnaises : A dish with a well-balanced proportion of meat and vegetables. Hollow out a round tomato, fill the hollowed tomato with ground meat, then bake this combination. This dish has a sour flavor and a tender texture. It is a very popular choice on Fontainian tables.
Bulle_Fruit :  A fruit that grows in warm and damp environments with ample sunlight. Inside this round and rotund fruit hides a sweet and refreshing surprise. 
Taiyaki :  A snack shaped like a snapper. The crisp exterior wraps the sweet filling within and is very popular amongst Inazumans. It is said that in the beginning, this was just a cylindrical snack, but constant improvements wound up shaping it into the cutesy image of a fish.
Windbarrier_Potion :  A mysterious potion that boosts Anemo RES and makes one able to withstand strong winds. It works wonders for adventurers out in the world and is even said to keep the cold away. 
Scorched_Starshroom :  A fungus with a cap that resembles a five-pointed star. It seems to be a little singed. 
Flaming_Red_Bolognese :  Bolognese covered with a meat sauce. The meaty, herby aroma really gets your appetite going.
Sticky_Honey_Roast :  A meat dish in a sweet honey sauce. The carrots take the gamey edge off the meat, and the sauce brings it all together sweetly. The perfect warm dish for a cold winter night.
"Pour_la_Justice" : Furina's specialty. "Pour la Justice" means "veneration of justice" in Fontaine, and she who once performed on the greatest of stages bore witness to the birth of sublime justice. Its layered flavors seem to swell and fade like the waves of the sea, before finally relaxing as though laying down a heavy burden. Perhaps it reflects something she personally experienced? 
"Warmth" : Thoma's specialty. The intricate appearance of this dish belies the simple ingredients used. But take a sip, and Thoma's sunshine smile comes straight to mind. Perhaps this is his special ability: warming the hearts of others using the simplest of ingredients. 
Fish_With_Cream_Sauce :  A fish dish served in sauce. Fresh fish filets were dried before pan-fried until crispy, then drizzled with a creamy white dressing and sprinkled with fresh mint. A unique dish that can be made through the simplest methods.
Teyvat_Charred_Egg : Bennett's specialty. For some reason, every single fried egg is a little burnt around the edges. That said, the burnt crisp does lend a whole new flavor to the dish. 
Barbeque_Ribs : A crispy meat dish. Lightly fry the surface of the ribs until they exude a faint aroma, then wrap the crispy exterior with sauce, and finally, grill them slowly on low heat. The meticulous temperature control ensures that the exterior is perfectly crisp, while the meat within is kept juicy and tender.
Swirling_Steps : Nilou's specialty. The crystal-clear cup that reminds you of an ornate jewel case contains a soft, melt-in-your-mouth pudding. The reddish coloration, like a fleeing trance, reminds you ever so much of Nilou's radiant, dancing form. Ah, would that this dance might last forever. 
Udon_Noodles :  Highly springy noodles. After several rounds of rising and pulling, the result is silky smooth yet springy noodles. Unlike ramen, which prizes dense flavors, udon noodles use light flavors to heal the Inazuman soul.
All-Delicacy_Parcels : Xingqiu's specialty. This dish's almost artisan appearance makes one almost reluctant to tuck in. But once you get a taste, its fresh, light and lovely sweetness will make the dish hard to put down.... Hang on a moment. Did he throw the carrots out, by any chance? 
Definitely_Not_Bar_Food! : Diona's specialty. The fish skin is crisp, and the meat is sumptuous. Only someone with a sufficiently great love for fish would be able to bring out such lovely flavors. Now, if only there were something to drink to go with it... Uh-oh, she's looking this way! 
Rose_Custard :  A dessert made from fermented milk. Once the milk is fermented and filtered into yogurt, stir sugar in before garnishing with dried roses and chopped nuts. In the beginning, this dish was only popular among adventurers and traveling merchants, but now, it is served as breakfast and a tea-time dessert across Sumeru.
Jueyun_Chili_Chicken :  Chicken in a dressing, served cold. The way this dish has been prepared captures the succulence of the chicken perfectly. Beneath the glowing gold skin, the meat has a mildly hot flavor.
Prosperous_Peace : Ganyu's specialty. The image of a resting qilin is by itself enough to calm a person down. Ganyu has put her well-wishes for all that is lovely in this world into this dish — and she's saved some of her favorite Qingxin flowers for you, too. 
Coffee_Bavarois :  A refreshing dessert. Though it is one of Fontaine's trademark desserts, its recipe is very simple and straightforward. As long as the proportion of ingredients is right, hardly anyone could fail at making this dessert. It has an exquisite texture with a touch of refreshing cold taste, and can instantly lift your spirits.
Woodland_Dream : Albedo's specialty. The fruits and vegetables are laid out like grass, and they stand tall like trees. In this miniature world-in-a-plate, you circle the mottled city wall, follow brown alleys, and enter the light orange castle. A sweet, tender taste then bursts forth like a blooming flower. You open your eyes. There is a smile in the white-haired prince's eyes. 
Deep-Fried_Doublecrisp :  One of Liyue's famous dishes. Between the fierce heat, the boiling oil, and the sautéing process, this is a stern test of one's skills. Cook for a few seconds too few, and your ingredients might be left raw. Too many, and they will be overcooked and lacking in crispness. As such, this dish is often chosen by experienced Liyue chefs to display their mastery.
Konda_Cuisine :  Slowly stewed local cuisine. Everyone in Konda Village knows how to make this dish. It originally had no name but would spread throughout Inazuma on account of its nutritious deliciousness. This eventually caused those from outside the village to give it its name — "Konda Cuisine."
Jueyun_Guoba :  One of Liyue's specialty snacks. Stir-fried ham and Jueyun Chili sprinkled on a crispy crust made from Rice and Horsetail create a refined, meaty snack that transforms humble Rice into a hot delicacy.
Tahchin :  A classic staple served in large quantities. Cooked rice is mixed with meat that was marinated in yogurt, then baked until its surface turns crispy. Don't forget to add a handful of Padisarah petals before serving! Both the rice and meat are enough to keep one's stomach full for a long time, making it a very popular dish at the Grand Bazaar.
Heatshield_Potion :  A miraculous potion that boosts Pyro RES and makes one able to withstand high heat. It works not by cooling the body, but by helping the body acclimate to high temperatures. 
Energizing_Bento : Kirara's specialty. A human-friendly bento box Kirara put in a great deal of effort to prepare. By observing the preferences of human girls, she came up with this combination of well-balanced side dishes and adorable cat-shaped rice balls. It's just like a carefully wrapped package... You could receive one every day and never get tired of it! 
Cured_Pork_Dry_Hotpot :  A dish fried over a great flame. Matsutake and Ham have been sliced up, stir-fried, and garnished with some spicy condiments. The flavor of the Ham is a match for the Matsutake's crispness, and the combination grows even lovelier and more addictive as you chew. The heat-conducting wok also serves to keep it piping hot for long periods.
Duel_Soul : Cyno's specialty. The golden grains of rice have been piled up like a most remarkable hill. As you scoop out a chunk and place the fragrant meat into your mouth, an impulse you cannot name rises within your chest — a desire to whip out your Genius Invokation deck and duel! 
Berry_&_Mint_Burst :  A freshly squeezed, fashionable, and fruity non-alcoholic beverage. A refreshing burst of Mint with Berries to sweeten the deal, it has an exquisite aroma. 
Chenyu_Brew :  Common Liyue tea. Sometimes, one might compare life to the sweet aftertaste savored upon sipping a cup of tea.
Apple :  Crisp and fragrant. Delicious raw or made into wine. 
Special_Mushroom_Pizza :  A pancake with ample toppings. The many rare ingredients do a strange dance around one's mouth — albeit in a good way. 
Braised_Meatball :  A classic Liyue dish. Fatty and lean chunks of meat are mixed with crunchy bamboo shoots before being kneaded into a ball, fried, and then boiled. The finished dish is very popular, finding a place at home meals or banquets alike.
Rainbow_Aster : A unique drink. Having featured in the famous light novel "Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?", it has since been brought to life by Sailing Breeze in collaboration with Yae Publishing House, along with its fascinating flavor. As this version does not contain any bean products, it is slightly different from the special limited edition that was available during the Irodori Festival, but this also means that there is no risk of triggering any bean allergies.
Tea-Smoked_Squab :  A very popular dish. Squab is marinated in tea and sauce overnight before being dried and deep-fried, suffusing the meat with the wonderful aroma of tea. This technique has been passed down for many years and is a banquet delicacy.
Baklava :  A traditional Sumeru dessert. This puff pastry contains chopped nuts and has been baked after having butter drizzled atop it — and not forgetting some syrup once it comes out of the oven. Some researchers will specially order this veritable "fortress of sweetness" to replenish their energies before an exam. This is also why this dish has great pride of place as the Akademiya's favorite dessert.
Mint_Jelly :  A refreshing dessert. The steps to making this are quite simple indeed, and when it slides down your throat, the faint, fresh flavor of mint will leave you feeling reinvigorated for the rest of the day.
Right_at_Home : A staple dish made by frying ham, bird eggs, and other ingredients with rice. The wide choice of constituent ingredients that may be chosen and different ways of cooking make it a welcome dish in almost every house in Liyue.
Shocking_Essential_Oil :  Grants greater affinity for Electro, boosting Electro DMG. It induces a tingling sensation on the skin and renders the user better able to better channel Electro energy - but comes with a risk of causing an electrical fire that would definitely ruin your perfect hair. 
Tasses_Ragout :  A vegetable ragout. It is an improvised dish created by Fontainian farmers celebrating vegetable harvests. There are no strict rules for the amount of ingredients or the cooking method. Be it stir-fried or baked, this unpretentious dish never fails to delight with its rustic savor.
Dendrocide_Potion :  A potion that boosts Dendro RES and suppresses the growth of plants.Rather than killing the plants, it puts them in deep hibernation. It's also said to be good for the body if ingested. 
Jade_Fruit_Soup :  A traditional Liyue dessert. The water is brought to boil, various ingredients are added in, and then it is simmered for some time before rock sugar is added. The liquid mixture is then simmered until clear and thick. The lengthy simmering creates a soup with a gentle mouthfeel, causing the ingredients to melt with just a light sip. Suitable for all ages.
Lantern_Rite_Special_Triple-Layered_Consommé :  Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. The ham, fowl, and bamboo shoots have been sliced into threads of equal length, and they've been laid out neatly in the soup bowl after being steamed at high heat, before being covered in consommé. The layers are distinct, and the mouthfeel is salty yet fresh. 
Gilded_Tajine :  A stewed meat dish. The unique hat-shaped pot cover is capable of reducing the amount of moisture lost during the stewing process — a culinary secret known only to the desert folk. This delicious delicacy has followed the gilded Eremites all over Sumeru, and thus did it gain its name and fame.
Moon_Pie :  A traditional staple from Mondstadt. Not only is the pickled meat within deeply flavorful, but the meringue has also maintained its sweetness and moisture through the baking process. This dish is not to be missed at any festival in Mondstadt.
Dragon_Beard_Noodles :  Noodles that are as slender as the hairs on a dragon's beard. The green onion is fried in a wok before the soup and condiments are added. Last in are the noodles, after which the lot is ladled out and plated up. The noodles must be skillfully hand-pulled multiple times before they become extremely thin — a technique that makes this dish the most challenging noodle recipe in Liyue.
Cassoulet : A simple countryside stew. Simply put all the ingredients in a casserole, mix them up, and cook until they are ready to serve. It is worth noting that the full name of this dish is "Glabrous Beans, Fowl Confit, and Smoked Sausage Stew in Cassoulet Casserole with a Side of Marcotte." The intimidating lengthiness of the name has, understandably, driven people to just call it "Cassoulet."
Satiety_Gel : Aloy's specialty. The cross-section looks perfect, its shape is regular, and it gives off a cool air. At first, Aloy seemed a bit apprehensive as to whether you'd enjoy this rather unique dessert, but she was relieved when you wolfed it all down in one go... 
Vegetarian_Abalone :  A vegetarian dish with a rich flavor. The matsutake has been sliced thin and fried till golden before pouring the sauce. The matsutake meat is sumptuous and has flavor to match that of fresh abalone — almost enough to make you think it was the real thing.
Fukuuchi_Udon : Yae Miko's specialty. The Fried Tofu in here is specially made by the solemn Lady Kitsune. It is said that if you eat it all at one go with sincerity in your heart, you will have the protection of the Great Kitsune — misfortune shall flee and fortune abound! 
Stone_Harbor_Delicacies :  Wok-fried vegetarian food. A stir-fried selection of three ingredients hailing from Liyue. Though the methodology is simple, it brings out the intense, innate flavors of the ingredients, and does not fade in brilliance when compared to some high-class delicacy.
Miso_Soup : A simple and unadorned soup dish. The ingredients use here are very common and it is made simply, but this small bowl of soup has the power to ensure that you shall not grow weary on your journey, even if you travel on foot.
Special_Dish : Food
Crocodile_Jerky :  Crocodile jerky prepared using a special recipe of the Tanit tribe. Though a bit hard to chew, the meat's ease of storage makes it a commonly consumed delicacy for tribal hunters.Despite tasting like fowl, the nutritional value of crocodile meat is said to be eight times more than the flesh of more typical beasts... 
Tea_Break_Pancake :  A stack of round pancakes. A staple originating from afternoon tea in manors. Only the best berries should be picked for this dish.
Crispy_Potato_Shrimp_Platter :  An attractive-looking pre-meal snack. A spread made from potatoes and berries is placed onto crispy potato slices, and a whole shrimp is then added on top. The fragrant and full-bodied flavors serve to whet the appetite, while the addition of Mint adds a whole other dimension to the mix.
Lambad_Fish_Roll :  A grilled fish dish with a faint floral scent. It is said that Lambad once adventured far and wide in his youth. Everywhere he went, he would taste the grilled fish at local taverns. This dish was not a signature food in Sumeru, and Lambad thought it was a pity, so he invented his own fish roll. According to the gourmets who often dine at his tavern, the tales of his adventures aren't necessarily true, but his fish roll is undoubtedly delicious.
Samosa :  A deep-fried snack. The well-stirred filling is wrapped in a thin crust, shaped into a triangle, then fried in a pan until golden brown. Both meat and vegetarian fillings are common, so the dish has become a point of conflict for those with a strong preference for one over the other.
Cream_of_Mushroom_Soup :  A bisque that can be found everywhere. Blend cooked ingredients until they are liquefied, and heat the soup with cream until it is thickened up — voila! A simple dish that warms your stomach as well as your heart.
Fruits_of_the_Festival :  A brightly colored non-alcoholic beverage. Freshly squeezed Sunsettia and Wolfhook juices have been poured into a cup in a specific order. The cool and refreshing flavor and vibrant color remind people of the beautiful holiday times. Do not mess the order up if you want to get the gradient effect right!
Qingce_Stir_Fry :  A dish cooked over a roaring fire. They say it was originally just a rustic dish that everyone in Qingce Village knew how to make. But quite unexpectedly, its crispy and spicy dishes gained the recognition of people from elsewhere, and thus began to spread throughout the Liyue region.
Ile_flottante :  A dessert made of egg whites. The cooking process is simple: Froth up the egg whites properly, and half the battle is won. Place the heated egg whites on the sauce, and you're done. The dessert has an exquisite look and is the first choice of Fontainian ladies for afternoon tea.
Oncidium_Tofu :  A dish that is a test of one's knifework. All the ingredients were sliced into ribbons in a single go, and after being washed, they were placed into the broth and cooked till they floated. The resulting flavor is light and fresh, and would not be out of place as a chef's recommendation in a Liyue restaurant.
Rock_'n'_Roll_Dango_Milk :  Having sat beneath the stage for a day and a night, this Dango Milk has been fermented using the yeast of Rock 'n' Roll, transforming it into Rock 'n' Roll Dango Milk!They say that its flavor has undergone some marvelous change, but still more amazingly, it can be sold for twice the price of the original version!That really rocks. 
Crepes_Suzette :  Crepes with fillings. Fry the crepes first, then serve them with jam, cream, and fruit slices. In fact, the recipe has quite a few variants. The dish's taste differs according to the different ingredients used.
Forest_Watcher's_Choice : Tighnari's specialty. The Forest Watcher personally picked out these edible mushrooms — not only the common ones but also a few mysterious-looking shrooms that you have never seen before. No condiments were added, for the limelight should go to the ingredients' unmarred freshness. It must have taken him quite some time to prepare this delicious dish. 
Grilled_Tiger_Fish :  A fish kebab grilled over an open flame. The fish is a fresh catch straight from the harbor, lightly seasoned and swiftly grilled. Its aroma attracts the street cats. Indeed, freshness is the secret of flavor.
Trembling_Strings_and_Rushing_Reeds :  A unique meat dish. A variety of shredded meat is kneaded and fried for flavor. The complex ingredients and different textures make this dish quite the test of a chef's skills and is a rarity even in some of the most well-known restaurants.
Curry_Shrimp : A common household dish in Sumeru. The shrimps are first boiled until chewy, then added into the curry broth. The perfect blend of savory curry and flavors from the ocean is enough to make one's stomach growl. Though it's a common household dish, almost every family seems to have made their own variations to the recipe. Perhaps one could say that for every Sumeru household, there'll be a different version of curry shrimp.
Fontainian_Foie_Gras :  A traditional dish of Fontaine. The foie gras only needs to be pan-fried before being served. Thanks to the masterful temperature control, the golden-brown foie gras tastes enticingly tender. The process takes focus and concentration, or else the delicious liver might be liquefied into an oily mess.
Mixed_Yakisoba :  One of Inazuma's common household dishes. One merely needs to stir-fry the noodles and side dishes evenly before serving, making this an easy-to-make and filling dish. It is no wonder, then, that this dish is so sought after among Inazumans.
Garlic_Baguette :  Sliced baguette. Taken freshly out of the oven, the bread has a crispy, crackling crust, and soft, fluffy crumb. The aroma of butter and garlic further adds to the baguette's tastiness! No wonder you often see Fontainians buying a baguette on their way home after work.
Dinner_of_Judgment : Rosaria's specialty. The seemingly dark thorns make it hard to know how to begin tucking in. After some effort, you managed to clear the ornamentation away... and to your surprise, the first taste of the tender chicken unveils a shockingly lovely taste. As Rosaria studies your reaction, she seems pleased. 
Extravagant_Slumber : Layla's specialty. The scattered nuts are like stars dotted in the deep and quiet night sky. After just one bite, your body and mind after a day's work suddenly felt relaxed and peaceful. When you told Layla about that feeling, she showed a mixed expression of joy and regret - "Th-That's great! Ah, if only it could work on me too." 
Cloud-Shrouded_Jade : Yun Jin's specialty. This sweet and sticky snack will somehow not affect your throat in any negative way, which is why it's Yun Jin's favorite. The aftertaste is most elegant, not something one would get sick of quickly. Come to think of it... This is quite a decent bit more than she would usually make for herself - but who are you to question her kindness? 
Shimi_Chazuke : Wanderer's specialty. The mildly bitter fragrance of tea and the refreshingly sweet aroma of rice are perfectly blended together, leaving you to wolf it down insatiably. How did he manage to cook something so extraordinary? Ah, your expression must have betrayed this thought to him, for his face suddenly turns grim: "Have you finished yet? Stop gawking and go wash the dishes now." 
Quiet_Elegance : Kamisato Ayato's specialty. The arrangement is exquisite and elegant, much like the manner in which Ayato handles all his affairs. Any more, and it would have been excessive. Any less, and it would have proved a sight squandered. As you sample the dish, you find that its flavor is identical to that of Uyuu Restaurant's — amazing. But as you reach your chopsticks for that crystalline camellia, Ayato stops you... "That was something I made during sword practice. It's just a decoration." 
Dizziness-Be-Gone_no_Jutsu_Version_2.0 : Sayu's specialty. The Onigiri has been kneaded by Sayu into a cutesy shape — but remember, it's a mujina, not a tanuki, got it? And now that you mention it, this must be how Sayu can sleep for a whole day after eating, right? 
Lighter-Than-Air_Pancake : Noelle's specialty. These thick pastries are the special afternoon snacks of the Knights of Favonius. They give people the sense that they have fallen upon a layer of fluffy clouds, and seeing Noelle's smile makes the feeling all the sweeter! 
Humbly_Enough :  A spiced tofu dish. Sautéed tofu is stir-fried with the sauce until browned and ready to serve. Despite the ordinary ingredients, the resulting dish is particularly mellow and fragrant, a perfect partner for rice. It can be said to be the home cook's dish of choice.
Activated_Starshroom :  A fungus with a cap that resembles a five-pointed star. It seems to be bursting with vitality. 
Surveyor's_Breakfast_Sandwich : Mika's specialty. The luxurious spread before you is a veritable hillock of ingredients, and as you take a small bite, each clearly-demarcated layer of flavor and savory spice spreads throughout your mouth, as if you have climbed some mountain of gourmet. Are these the culinary skills he has honed while with the Knights? 
Minty_Meat_Rolls :  A sour-and-spicy dish. The marinated meat has been thinly sliced and rolled into the mint leaves, before being brushed with a sauce blend containing Jueyun Chilis. The unique mint flavor adds the finishing touch to this dish, turning it into an excellent addition to any cold platter.
Jade_Parcels :  An exquisite-looking dish. The ham's sweetness is locked inside the fresh vegetables, drizzled with a spicy broth. Delicious is an understatement.
Qiankun_Mora_Meat : Ningguang's specialty. The pastry is perfectly soft and waxy, as is the consistency of the meat, and the honey-like meat juices ooze out as you squeeze it. Wherever did the high and mighty Tianquan Lady Ningguang learn to make this dish? 
Hearthfire's_Trail : Arlecchino's specialty. The raw meat, bereft of any excessive seasoning, brings a rush of both blood and brutal freshness, engraving an elegant ensemble of flavors on your tongue. The final aftertaste is cleaner and neater still, a mirror reflection of how its maker handles certain situations... 
Lantern_Rite_Special_Grilled_Tiger_Fish :  Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. The fish is a fresh catch straight from the harbor, lightly seasoned and swiftly grilled. Its aroma attracts the street cats. Indeed, freshness is the secret of flavor. 
Squirrel_Fish :  A hard-to-prepare fish dish. The fish is first completely deboned before crisscross cuts are made on the skin. The fish is then coated in flour and deep-fried to a golden-brown color, then served with ketchup drizzled on top. It is tender and juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside. The dish resembles a squirrel's tail to a certain degree, hence the name.
Outrider's_Champion_Steak! : Amber's specialty. One side is obviously uncooked. The other side gives off a subtle scent of something burnt. Close your eyes and have a big mouthful, just to keep Amber happy if nothing else. 
The_Only_Truth : Shikanoin Heizou's specialty. On the tender, moist scrambled eggs lies a juicy katsu fried to golden perfection, its aroma most enticing indeed... Having been tempted to gobble the dish down, you are somehow seized by the urge to let out all that is hidden in your heart — this is not some sort of secret weapon of Heizou... is it? 
Frostshield_Potion :  A miraculous potion that boosts Cryo RES and makes one able to withstand extreme cold. Induces a chilling sensation when drank, but once this sensation spreads throughout the body, the feeling of being cold disappears. 
Selva_Salad :  An Aranara-style salad that Paimon drained her brain juice dry to improve. It is, in fact, a rather traditional recipe in Sumeru. Fresh and crispy Zaytun Peach slices and mixed with gently squeezed Sumeru Roses, which adds a touch of distinctive flavor. Mint is used instead of sugar to avoid getting a sickening sweetness. A refreshing dish that pleases both the eyes and the nose.
Minty_Fruit_Tea :  A cooling and refreshing drink. The invigorating tea and the sweet-sour taste of fruit blend together and energize your taste buds, and before you know it, you've already drained your entire cup.
A_Buoyant_Breeze : Venti's specialty. Other than the Cecilia flowers used for decoration, the ingredients are no different from normal. But if you taste it carefully, you can taste the flavor of "a wind that brings hope and tiny twists of fate." Perhaps...this is exactly what he wants. 
"My_Way" : Yanfei's specialty is Crab Roe Tofu done to an incredible degree of regularity. Its dimensions and flavor are all faithfully rendered according to the "Crab Roe Tofu Laws" in the recipe, with not a single letter omitted. 
Steak :  A grilled steak. High heat has locked the juices in, giving one high expectations for when the meat is cut open.
Omurice_Waltz : Kuki Shinobu's specialty. The soft egg skin almost seems to dance upon a stage made from sauce, with fluffy rice wrapped under its swaying skirt. This would even be a match for the work of Uyuu Restaurant's head chef. Truly, Shinobu's chef license was not earned in vain. 
Apple_Cider :  A freshly squeezed, fashionable, and fruity non-alcoholic beverage. Said to have a strong sobering effect, tavern patrons often order this as the last drink of the night. 
Rice_Buns :  Soft and fluffy buns. The rice and horsetail have been ground into flour and kneaded into dough before being placed into a steaming basket. They can be eaten as-is or with a vegetable filling. Portable and satiating, it is a very popular dish in the Liyue region.
Mushroom_Pizza :  A pizza covered in cheese and mushrooms. When still warm, the cheese becomes stretchy and gooey, making it extremely satisfying to eat.
Summer_Festival_Fish : Yoimiya's specialty. Watching the fireworks, your hands full of the snacks Yoimiya's given you, her carefree, child-like laughter in your ear as the pyrotechnic burst overhead... Amid this unique symphony of sounds, the plump goldfish in your hand almost looks like it might start swimming at any moment... 
Jadevein_Tea_Eggs :  A traditional Liyue snack. The flavor of the tea seeps into the egg through cracks in its shell while it is boiling, and the cracks are as beautiful as the fractured patterns of jade.
Survival_Grilled_Fish : Keqing's specialty. This dish was not grilled. Instead, it was fried from within through the delicate application of Electro. A gentle bite reveals fragrant fish under the lightly-charred skin, its taste perfectly balanced. So, is this how she survives in the wild? You really can't judge a book by its cover. 
Lantern_Rite_Special_Come_and_Get_It :  Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. There is no great refinement in the making of this food, and it appears in Liyue often during festival season. Whenever this dish is served up, the person at the head of the table will invite everyone to dig in, saying "Come on, eat, eat," hence the name. 
Desiccant_Potion :  A kind of potion that boosts Hydro RES and makes one able to withstand highly humid environments. It is said to act like a desiccant and be highly effective at keeping items dry. It can also be ingested for the same effect. 
Radish_and_Fish_Stew :  A meat and vegetable dish. The de-skinned radishes have gone into the pot first to cook before large hunks of fish and seasonings are added in. The whole combination is then stewed on a low flame. The large servings of food — best served with rice — give everyone present a feeling of satisfaction.
Duck_Confit :  A pan-fried dish. The duck leg has been seasoned with spices and salt and then rinsed clean before being poached in duck fat. The confit is seared before being served. The meat goes deliciously well with potatoes sautéed in duck fat.
Cold_Cut_Platter :  A plate of cold cut meat. An equal balance of bacon, ham and sausage keeps everyone happy.
Encompassing_Gladness : Xianyun's specialty. Before you can even look shocked to see these fragrant meatballs, she says: "Ah, and you thought such pedestrian culinary work could confound one? Now then, enjoy it while it remains hot — and may one wish you peace, joy, prosperity, and freedom from distress... *cough* What? A little ritual formality now and then could do no ill." 
Minty_Bean_Soup :  A rich soup made with simple ingredients. Mints and beans were boiled and ground together to get a smooth texture. The soup was then left on low heat till it thickened. Finally, some beans and mints were sprinkled on the top. This refreshing delicacy tastes equally good whether served hot or cold.
Radish_Veggie_Soup :  Radish-based vegetable soup. Its flavor is delicately between tart and sweet. With luscious radish, it's a well-balanced dish.
Fine_Tea,_Full_Moon :  A tea pastry containing egg yolk. The salted yolk is first steamed, then stuffed and wrapped in tea powder-infused dough. It's then kneaded into the shape of a full moon before being baked. This results in a crispy, flaky exterior with a salty and sweet interior, the different layers forming a delicious and addictive delicacy.
"Consomme_Purete" : Neuvillette's specialty. He claims he specifically selected the purest, chilliest waters from the highest mountains to create this exquisite and matchless treasure. Though it does have a refreshing quality, as for how the overall flavor of the soup is no different from ordinary soups... It's probably best not to mention it. 
Dew-Dipped_Shrimp : Yelan's specialty. Amongst the ingredients here is the new tea, Dipped Dew, delivered from Qiaoying Village right to the Teahouse, which was then quickly fried together with freshly-caught river shrimp. The look is sightly, the scent of distant tea, and the taste both tender and springy... Wait a moment. Why's she coming over with that plate of chilli? 
Goulash :  A steaming-hot stew. Hot stew made from Chilled Meat and vegetables chopped into small pieces. Slow-boiled tomatoes give this dish a rich and thick texture. Filling one's stomach with this comforting mixture has a warming effect.
Stormcrest_Pie : Eula's specialty. It's hard to say if the unorthodox, non-full-moon shape is meant to flout tradition or express her "tooth for a tooth" ethos. A rich, savory, and smoky flavor emanates from beneath the golden outer crust, unlikely to be reproducible by anybody else in Mondstadt. Best not to tell her all this, though, lest she add it to her list of personal vendettas. 
Adeptus'_Temptation :  A complex, famous type of Liyue cuisine, in which specially selected ingredients are submerged and slowly bowled into soup stock. The recipe scribbled from memory alone was enough to urge the adepti to once again return to the world of men.
Tricolor_Dango :  A soft, glutinous snack. Glutinous rice has been grown into powder and rolled into a ball before being steamed. The Sakura Bloom and Snapdragon colors lend an extra liveliness to these dango.
Soba_Noodles :  A plain and simple noodle dish. The buckwheat noodles are boiled and then cooled. Their texture is smooth and they have just the right amount of toughness. The inexpensive ingredients and simple make of this dish have made it very popular amongst Inazumans.
Yummy_Yum_Cha : Gaming's specialty. Row upon row of lifelike suanni buns sit pretty within the steamer, bringing the formidable, clever youth leaping amidst the Plum Blossom Pole... "What's with that dumbfounded expression? Have a cup of tea first, eh?" With that, the cheerfully smiling fellow passes you another cup. 
Utmost_Care : Candace's specialty. The aroma of this dish hits your nose long before it can be plated up. It would seem that Candace's adept guardianship also extends to sustaining appetites... But, uh, this really is an extraordinary amount of Aaru Mixed Rice. How are you supposed to deal with this mountain of "overflowing consideration"? 
Mint_Salad :  A fragrant salad dish. Finely chopped Jueyun Chilis blended with a sauce and mixed with Mint leaves. It looks like nothing special, but it has surprisingly potent powers of refreshment and reinvigoration. It is also the perfect palate-cleanser after a greasy, indulgent meal.
Onigiri :  A portable dish made with rice. It is simple to make and remains delicious at room temperatures, which has made it very popular with civilians and soldiers alike.
Crab,_Ham_&_Veggie_Bake : A luxurious bake. Cracks through the golden outer skin reveal a medley of rosy ham and bright vegetables. How tantalizing!
"Seabird's_Sojourn" : Freminet's specialty. He fled after leaving this pot of soup. The ingredients don't seem to come from shallow seas, which means he must've dived into the deep sea to catch them. You want to express your gratitude, but... where can you find him? 
Trout_Amandine : Fish fillets of a satisfying size, fried with butter before serving with a side of crispy fried almonds. According to the traditional recipe for this dish, a whole readied trout would be placed into the frying pan, but a new, fillet-featuring recipe for this dish has been gaining popularity recently as well.
Lantern_Rite_Special_Lotus_Seed_and_Bird_Egg_Soup :  Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. The clear, gold colors of the egg custard have been embellished with several lotus roots. Regardless of whether it is breakfast or a post-meal snack, its superior nutritional value can greatly nourish the body. 
Insulation_Potion :  A potion that boosts Electro RES and keeps one from getting electro-shocked. Induces a tingling sensation when drank. It is said to work by filling the body with inversely charged electrical energy, which counteracts the effect of Electro damage. 
Fontainian_Onion_Soup :  An onion soup. Stir-fry the onion until it is slightly charred, and boil it in broth. Transfer the contents to a soup bowl, add a slice of bread, sprinkle some cheese, and bake it in the oven. Well-seasoned chefs never cry when chopping onions, and here's their secret trick: Let the apprentices do the job.
Potato_Boat :  A baked appetizer. The potato was washed clean and then baked together with cheese and Rukkhashava Mushrooms. The dish guarantees an unmatched experience when eaten hot. This explains its popularity on the streets of Sumeru. Still, be careful not to burn your tongue.
Cubic_Tricks : Lyney's specialty. He covered the fruit you picked with velvet and then uncovered it — voila! You were greeted by a colorful assortment of gummies. You sampled one and your mood immediately changed. Did the great magician cast some incredible enchantment spell to bewitch the heart while no one was watching? 
Super-Dee-Duper_Delicious_Meat_Roll : Sethos's specialty. A subtle coarseness gives the pastry a satisfying, chewy texture. The grilled meat is seasoned in a way that makes it stand out from the usual recipes you'd find in a market, its delicious novelty taking your taste buds by storm. Sensing your desire for more, the unaffected youth sitting to one side gives you a wink and says: "Secret recipe — you won't find it anywhere else." 
Traditionally-Made_Charcoal-Baked_Ajilenakh_Cake : Faruzan's specialty. The dark and sweet cake, lying as it does atop a minty-green sauce bed, almost looks like some enigmatic mechanism. Your hesitation must have somehow reached Faruzan, for she then straightened up to assertively reassure you that this was a traditional dish in Sumeru and that its flavor is guaranteed. But you can't help wondering... Is it really a "traditional" dish that catered to the tastes of Sumeru people a hundred years ago? 
"Pick_What_You_Like!" : Navia's specialty. "Come on, pick the one you like!" Along with the familiar cries of joy, you see before your eyes the aesthetically pleasing double-layered dessert stand and the neat rows of macarons with different expressions painted onto them. One thought suddenly fascinates you... What expression would Navia make if you were to give in to greed and steal all of them for yourself? 
Five_Pickled_Treasures :  Pickled vegetables. A round of fermentation makes food richer and also allows it to keep for longer. There were originally only four "treasures," but for auspiciousness' sake, the four vegetables were mixed and plated up with one additional "treasure" added in, hence the name "Five Pickled Treasures."
Bountiful_Year :  Luxurious and exquisite raw fish. The fish is sliced thinly and arranged in the shape of a flower before a ring of side dishes is set all around it. Normally, the side dishes will be mixed with the raw fish according to one's taste before consumption — this act is said to ensure that things will be smooth sailing in the coming days.
Charcoal-Baked_Ajilenakh_Cake :  A dark-colored pastry. The Ajilenakh Nuts were first roasted and powdered before being sieved, added to a batter, mixed evenly, and then baked. The final product by no means looks impressive, but it exudes the fresh aroma of Ajilenakh Nuts, and it tastes better still with some jam.
Bird_Egg_Sushi :  An everyday Inazuman dish. The sliced Egg Roll is placed over seasoned rice. Simply made, yet full of flavor.
Grilled_Unagi_Fillet :  A grilled dish. The sliced unagi has been steamed first to remove the excess fat before being grilled and sauced. There is no consensus in Inazuma as to where the name "unagi" came from, but everyone at least agrees that it will take a whole lifetime to master its making.
Show_Me_the_Mora : Dori's specialty. After paying a large sum of Mora, you finally got a chance to taste the dish cooked by Lord Sangemah Bay herself. Firm chicken is covered in the silky sauce with a smooth texture. With the mind-controlling charm of its great flavor, this dish is spurring an impulse in you to spend another fortune just to get another bite! 
Victorious_Legend : Gorou's specialty. The side dishes have been piled high to form a sight as moving as Gorou's own motivations. As you finish the noodles and soup all in one go and pat your stomach in satisfaction, you look up and see Gorou... smiling radiantly as his tail wags from side to side (the latter probably unbeknownst to him!) 
Flash-Fried_Filet : Beidou's specialty. They say that Beidou once learned some tricks from Xiangling, making some refinements and adding more flavor to this dish. If you can clean it out in one go, perhaps you might impress her. 
Fonta : A specialty drink created by the Fontaine Research Institute. It is well-received by locals.
Sunshine_Sprat :  Gently fried fish dish. Cooked with the right heat and duration to maintain freshness for a long time. Tender and flaky, delicately browned thanks to the layer of aromatic butter on top, which creates a multi-layered and unique flavor.
Jewelry_Soup :  A simple vegetable soup. Snapdragon, tofu, and lotus seeds are put into boiling water and simmered. Jewelry Soup earned its luxurious name from the look of the ingredients used, but contrary to its name, the soup is commonly prepared and served in ordinary households.
Stir-Fried_Fish_Noodles :  A main dish with an intense flavor. Created by stir-frying rice noodles, par-cooked fish, and various side dishes in a wok on high flame. The noodles, having absorbed the flavors of various ingredients, are springy and smooth to the taste, making this dish a big hit with diners.
"Pure_Water" :  It is said to be the legacy of a genius potioneer. It can draw out the purest strength from within one's body 
Ideal_Circumstance : Alhaitham's specialty. A dish created through the fusion of vegetables and meat prepared in a patterned frying pan. Improvements were made to the recipe, making it taste quite different from the original dish. The words on the food mean "contemplation." In the words of the creator: "Ideally, everyone should be capable of contemplation, but practically, it doesn't seem very possible." 
Mysterious_Bolognese : Lisa's specialty. With an inexplicable aurora, this bolognese is so exotic that you can never have enough. Did she actually enchant it with some kind of magic? 
Bamboo_Shoot_Soup :  A soup dish that's been stewed for a good long while. The meat and ham have been diced into small pieces, and the soup has been kept on low heat till it turned milky white. The process has brought out the distinct flavors of both kinds of meat, making for an especially tasty soup.
Blubber_Profiterole :  A cream-filled dessert. Fluffy, flaky crust cradles a rich cream within. Round and nearly bursting, it's as cute as a Blubberbeast's belly. Few hearts can escape being ensnared by the thick, soft cream within.
Panipuri : An appetizer served with a green dipping sauce. The crispy balls are first deep-fried, then stuffed with a delicious filling through a hole on the top. The bite-sized snack is a common street food in Sumeru.
Satisfying_Salad :  A vegetable salad. Not just steamed potatoes and fresh vegetables, but also a hard-boiled egg to top it off. Satisfying to both the eyes and stomach.
Poisson_Seafood_Soup :  A seafood soup. It originated in the fishing village Poisson. Fishermen used to process leftover fish by stewing them together. This soup then became popular in Fontaine due to its freshness. Nowadays, almost any type of aquatic product can be included in this dish.
"Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Mondstadt" : Diluc's specialty. Feast your eyes and then your stomach upon this delicacy as the soft ribs melt in your mouth. Who knew Diluc was able to cook this well? 
Conch_Madeleine : A lovely-looking dessert. It is believed that this dessert was created by a cook working for a rich Fontainian family. To cheer their young master up, the cook made a Beryl Conch-shaped cake. The authenticity of this story can no longer be verified, but the cake's delicious taste is beyond doubt.
Meat_Lovers'_Mushroom_Pizza :  A pizza freshly baked from the oven. The crust is dotted with large chunks of meat and fresh mushroom slices. The sweet, stretchy cheese further adds to the charm. You have no doubt that every slice will be snatched away the moment it is served. Speed, therefore, is a gourmet's best buddy when this pizza is on the table.
Northern_Smoked_Chicken :  Smoked fowl paired with vegetables. A staple for Northerners, often made for honored guests.
Stir-Fried_Shrimp : A light and smooth dish. The shrimp are quickly sautéed and the sauce thickened. This method of cooking is exceedingly simple and enhances the innate freshness of the shrimp meat, granting it a place at humble home-cooked meals and lavish banquets alike.
Sakura_Shrimp_Crackers :  Crispy, crunchy crackers. Potatoes are ground into flour and added to Shrimp and Sakura Blooms before being baked in an oven. It possesses a lovely flavor profile for a snack and is beloved by people of all ages, traits that have made it a popular choice of gift.
Fruity_Skewers : Kaeya's specialty. A chewy skewer with a rich sweet aftertaste.Wait...Is this really the smell of fruit? 
Bulle_Souffle :  A very small cake nestled within a Bulle Fruit skin. Pour the beaten egg whites into a Bulle Fruit skin that has been scraped empty, and bake it until the souffle has evenly expanded. The word "Bulle" isn't a part of the name just because it's in the ingredient list, but because the finished product allows the tongue to delight in bubble-like spongy softness.
Lotus_Seed_and_Bird_Egg_Soup :  A steaming egg dish. The clear, gold colors of the egg custard have been embellished with several lotus roots. Regardless of whether it is breakfast or a post-meal snack, its superior nutritional value can greatly nourish the body.
Golden_Crab :  A crab dish cooked in the ancient ways. The crab has been chopped into pieces and battered with flour, before being stir-fried till golden and rich with flavor. It is worthy of the word "gold," whether in terms of appearance or quality.
Rockin'_Riffin'_Chicken! : Xinyan's specialty. Its demonic appearance hides an absolutely demonic spiciness. Eat it, tear up, eat some more, and don't stop till you drop! Surely only a demon could have invented such a dish! 
Sautéed_Matsutake :  Sautéed slices of Matsutake. Cooked in butter, it's crisp outside yet tender inside. Eat it before someone steals it from you.
Die_Heilige_Sinfonie : Fischl's specialty. The exquisite presentation doth seem to communicate some incomprehensible enigma. When partaking, if one were to gaze upon Fischl, one might see her expectant gaze peek though the gaps of her fingers, which she is using to cover half her face... Is this also part of the mystery? 
Dry-Braised_Salted_Fish :  Dried fish that has been grilled slowly over a charcoal flame. Fish air-dried overnight have a tinge of the salty sea wind and give off a tantalizing flavor when grilled. Many Inazumans who dwell near the sea know this taste well indeed.
La_Lettre_a_Focalors :  A small cake, shaped into a long rectangle. It is said that long, long ago, a certain patissier used the great love the people of Fontaine held for their Hydro Archon as inspiration to create this confectionary masterpiece. The manifold layers stacked one upon the other are a true test of the chef's skills, and each aspect of this cake is proof of the great Hydro Archon's influence.
Northern_Apple_Stew :  A dish with braised meat and apples. The meat goes down smooth, its flavor dense, and when cut open, the meat juice that flows out bears traces of apple flavoring. An eye-popping, refreshing dish indeed.
Scented_Meat_Balls :  A dish with ground meat as its base. After crushing the wheat and cooking it over a fire, ground meat was added to form the outer layer. Onions and meat were then stir-fried to make the filling. Finally, the mixture was molded into balls and deep-fried until golden. Enjoying meat by the mouthful has never been this easy!
Sin:_The_Kind_that_Doesn't_Need_to_be_Dealt_With : Chevreuse's specialty. There is something indubitably "sinful" about this dish from a health standpoint. As the leader of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, she will not lightly hand the task of dealing with sin to others — this is a matter of professionalism and personal ethics, after all. Sometimes, though, sharing such a solemn duty with one she trusts deeply is an... acceptable way of relieving stress. 
Imported_Poultry :  A meat dish drizzled with sauce. The fowl is marinated before being covered in batter and fried, and a thick sauce is drizzled over it as a finishing touch. The accompanying vegetables are local produce, but the marinating methods and sauce are all imported, hence the name "imported poultry."
Fullmoon_Egg :  One of Liyue's traditional snacks. The egg has been beaten into the flour to form a dough and the shrimp and fish have been diced, minced, and packaged into the shape of a teacup, before being garnished with whole shrimp and steamed in a pot. The resulting design is like that of clouds embracing the moon, hence the name Fullmoon Egg.
Rice_Cake_Soup :  Commonly-seen city cuisine. The ingredients have gorged themselves on the soup, making them most enticing indeed. They say that in the first, this dish only had a scant few ingredients, but more were added as time passed, resulting in its present form.
Guhua_Fish_&_Lamb_Soup :  An ancient dish, long recorded throughout history. Fresh fish and mutton are stewed together, with the tenderness of the fish and the juiciness of the lamb blending transforming the dish into a true delicacy.
Aaru_Mixed_Rice :  A large serving of filling staple food. In this dish that combines rice, noodles, and beans together, the secret of great taste lies in the sweet and sour flavor imparted by tomatoes. Owing to its common nature and low price, this dish is a great choice for sating one's hunger — which is one of the key reasons why this recipe has spread from Aaru Village to the rest of Sumeru.
Sweet_Shrimp_Sushi :  A fresh and sweet traditional dish. Cleanly bisected shrimp is laid over rice and shaped with your bare hands. The springy shrimp meat and the delicious rice highlight the flavor all the more.
Katsu_Sandwich :  A nutritionally-balanced meal. The two bread slices clip a thick-cut katsu slab between them. The fragrant, slightly sweet-and-sour sauce is the key to preventing this meal from being too rich. A brilliant mix of outlander style and local flavor!
Puppy-Paw_Hash_Brown : Razor's specialty. Carefully shaped to resemble a wolf's paw. You can really feel the effort he has put into trying human cooking. 
Crab_Roe_Tofu :  A dish with a tender mouthfeel. Crab roe is stir-fried till the oil within oozes out before being added to boiled tofu and accented with broth. Simple, yes, but gloriously fresh.
Egg_Roll : A fried egg dish. Beat eggs well, season and fry them slowly in a wok, roll up into a fixed shape. Pour our egg liquid in again and continue until it has all reached a certain thickness, then get ready to plate up. This is an ordinary yet welcoming Inazuman delicacy.
The_Endeavor : Kaveh's specialty. The golden crust of the biscuit is arranged to resemble the Palace of Alcazarzaray, and the meal rises like a tower from a pure-white pond of yogurt sauce. Though the creator of the dish has placed a monumental amount of effort into its creation, he seems to have missed the fact that all the biscuits must be broken during the process of consumption. 
Dango_Milk :  A creative snack made by adding sticky dango to milk. It is sweet and has a dense mouthfeel. All the customers who have tried it love it.Still, it is dango that's been added in — drink too much and you might lose your appetite. 
Golden_Chicken_Burger :  A hamburger in which the fowl meat is the main star. The fluffy bread sandwiches slices of fresh vegetables and a flavorful, crispy fowl fillet. No utensils required here: Just grab it in your hands and bite down on that bundle of rich, satisfying succulence with a hearty "ker-runch"!
Sakura_Mochi :  A delicate and elegant snack. The dark green leaf adds complexity to the overall warm color palette. Just looking at it gives you a sense of its quiet beauty. 'Tis a shame that its lovely flavor is like a blooming flower in transience — yet do not let that dissuade you from taking a bite.
All-Weather_Beauty : Kaedehara Kazuha's specialty. Made from fish that have been dried on the ship. Kazuha claims that they were completely ordinary fish. But this flavor... this must surely be the definition of free, all-embracing nature, no? 
Wanmin_Restaurant's_Boiled_Fish : Xiangling's specialty. This is the signature dish of the Wanmin Restaurant, combining Xiangling's heartfelt passion for cuisine. Anyone who tastes it will gain a pure appreciation for gourmet food amid the hearty and addictive blend of flavors. 
Potion : Food
Lantern_Rite_Special_Noodles_with_Mountain_Delicacies :  Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. The sauce has a rustic flavor, and there's a generous amount of it mixed in with the noodles. A humble but enduringly popular dish. 
Noodles_with_Mountain_Delicacies :  Noodles in a meat-and-vegetable sauce. The sauce has a rustic flavor, and there's a generous amount of it mixed in with the noodles. A humble but enduringly popular dish.
Mondstadt_Grilled_Fish :  Fish grilled thoroughly with moderate fire, making it completely dry and crispy. The sprinkled pepper on top brings out the freshness of the fish.
Qingce_Household_Dish : Yaoyao's specialty. It looks rather mundane as it is not displayed with the same luxurious aesthetic as dishes prepared by a fancy restaurant. However, as soon as you take a bite, the flavor immediately offers you a fragrant and intimate experience, certain to leave an ever-lasting impression. After a single taste, what's on your tongue will be on your heart for good. As for the reason, maybe the secret ingredient to this recipe is simply "caring." 
No_Tomorrow : Qiqi's specialty. The neat rows of ingredients seem at once exotic and delicious, and Baizhu says that Qiqi has spent a long time creating this dish. Still, once one considers that Qiqi has no sense of taste, just putting chopsticks to the food is going to take some courage. 
Sakura_Tempura :  A dish deep-fried in oil. Incorporate the marinated sakura blossom petals into the batter before giving the fresh shrimp and vegetables an even coating, frying, and then draining the oil. This all sounds simple enough, but good tempura making is not something achieved in a mere day.
Super_Magnificent_Pizza :  An exceedingly sumptuous pizza. First lay out a base of ham, then add in meat that has been chopped up into little bits for a dish that packs an unrivaled sense of satisfaction. Once roasted, the char of meat and the creamy flavor of the cheese are truly a tantalizing combination.
Forest_Essential_Oil :  Grants greater affinity for Dendro, boosting Dendro DMG.It's a nourishing external medicine that promotes growth of plants, able to better channel Dendro energy. 
Fish-Flavored_Toast : Klee's specialty. By way of apology for wantonly using her bombs to scare away the fish, Jean instructed Klee to make this toast for the fishermen. It's filling and tasty. Klee will never starve again, even after a whole day of blast fishing. 
Fragrant_Mashed_Potatoes :  Seasoned mashed potatoes. The potatoes were thoroughly mashed before a sauce was drizzled over them. The mouthfeel is soft and smooth and it has a rich, multi-layered flavor profile. A satisfying choice for a hungry stomach, whether as a side or as a main dish.
Masala_Cheese_Balls :  An Aranara-style dish that Paimon drained her brain juice dry to improve. It is, in fact, a rather traditional recipe in Sumeru. The freshly cooked cheese balls give off a titillating aroma, for a special technique has been used to mix the spices into the dough. A small bite and you will see hot cheese oozing out immediately. Also, potatoes have been stewed till they softened properly. This creamy combination will keep you full for a long time.
Pita_Pocket :  A bread with varied fillings. The flat dough has puffed up in the oven, reminding you of a lovely Pufferfish. The bread is usually cut in the middle into two separate "pockets," hence the name, "Pita Pocket." It is said that people of Sumeru used to dip the bread in sauce. But nowadays, people usually stuff the "pockets" with different fillings and then take big mouthfuls.
Stir-Fried_Filet : Sliced meat flash-fried in a wok. The mild Jueyun Chili adds just the right amount of kick to the delicious aroma of the meat. Perfect as an appetizer and also goes well with rice.
Fisherman's_Toast :  Onion-covered toast. A favorite amongst fishermen, they will stuff a bag with it and sit by the river all day.
Tandoori_Roast_Chicken :  A signature chicken dish of Sumeru. The chicken was first marinated with red spices, and then roasted in a tandoor. The process of making this Sumeru classic does not involve any fancy skills, and the use of such a humble clay oven might be surprising to some. In Sumeru, a tandoor to a veteran chef is as important as a trusty sword to an adventurer.
Biryani :  An aromatic rice dish. Stir-fry the meat such that it is crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Then stew it with condiments and long-grain rice. Sprinkle a few Padisarah petals before serving. Every grain is saturated with the aroma of fatty meat and condiments. The dish has an exquisite taste only found in Sumeru.
Steak_Tartare : A dish of fresh raw meat. Choice meat that has been minced and seasoned goes perfectly well with raw egg yolk. It is unknown who came up with the idea. It might be a starving adventurer's desperate attempt at keeping their belly full.
Sunsettia :  A plump fruit, beautiful like the sunset, that is abundant across all of Teyvat. It has a curious, sweet aroma and is able to energize an individual. 
"Snow_on_the_Hearth" : Kamisato Ayaka's specialty. This is almost like a small, lovely, and intricate artwork, with its pale red outer coat covering the feelings that the young maiden began to harbor from that moment on. If one had the honor of enjoying such a treat while having tea with a princess as graceful and noble as a white heron, one would surely yearn to have that moment stretch into eternity. 
Frosting_Essential_Oil :  Grants greater affinity for Cryo, boosting Cryo DMG. It has a chilling sensation when applied, and helps one to better channel Cryo energy. It also helps to keep you cool-headed and calm. 
Poissonchant_Pie :  A fish pie. Mix the fillings and put the dough right on it. The key is to arrange the fish heads properly before baking. This way, when the dish is ready, every fish will gaze upward as if chanting in unison.
Secret_Sauce_BBQ_Ribs : Wriothesley's specialty. Soon after kicking out his subordinates with the excuse, "Feel free to leave, but I'm staying! Things are heating up in here, and it could blow!", a meatastic delicacy greets your eyes. A full-bodied sauce slathered over flaky skin brings an extraordinary double blast of deliciousness, though as you taste it, it does seem to be practically identically to a condiment that has become awfully popular recently... 
Almond_Tofu :  A dessert made out of almond. It has a silky-smooth texture with a long-lasting aroma of almond. It's named tofu only because of its tofu-like shape.
Feast-O's : A golden brown fried snack. Mashed chicken is shaped into a hollow "O" shape by combining them with onion rings. Mashed fish and potatoes are similarly combined into a round form, making up the meat of the "feast." Put them both into a pot of hot oil and presto — your "Feast-O's" are born amidst the crackling oil.
"Pile_'Em_Up" :  A rich, meaty dish. Originally a Mondstadt dish made of steaks, potatoes, and cheese, it has since become synonymous with Ludi Harpastum.
Tulumba :  A snack fried in oil. Shaped flour is lowered directly into the pot to be deep-fried until golden-brown before being fished out and dipped into syrup while piping hot. This treat is an inseparable companion to many in Sumeru.
Fruity_Trio :  A dessert with a romantic flair. Add jam and fillings made from Bulle Fruit into tart shells and spread some meringue over the top before baking in the oven. The dish offers three fruity aromas all in one bite, making it a top choice for post-meal snacks.
Ghostly_March : Hu Tao's specialty. The round-faced ghouls seem quite cute, squeezed into a pile as they are. But if you were to fall to temptation and try but one of them, you may yet come to regret it for a long while... After all, this plate is full of top-quality, taste-bud-blasting—Actually, what on earth is this stuff, anyway? 
Tri-Flavored_Skewer :  A pieced-together skewer. Three different cooking processes can be tasted at a go in this dish, which has made it very popular. If you are ever at a loss at to what to pair with some wine, there's no going wrong with one of these.
Haggis : A dish with strong and distinctive flavors. Chop up the sheep offal, mix it with oatmeal, and stuff the mixture into a sheep stomach along with various seasonings and spices. When the dish is served, the stomach-bag is usually removed while the fillings are served with radish paste and mashed potatoes. This is a local specialty that Fontainians often cook as a treat for important guests.
Butter_Chicken :  A flavorful dish. Spice and chopped tomatoes were mixed with warm butter, and then cooked into a creamy sauce. Into it went marinated and pan-fried chicken pieces. People from Sumeru prefer eating the dish with rice or flatbread, which allows them to savor the dish's enticing flavor better.
Mushroom_Hodgepodge :  An Aranara-style dish that Paimon has drained her brain juice dry to improve. But in fact, it only requires a few common mushrooms from Sumeru, along with some extra seasonings. Paimon selected three types of mushrooms, and they were prepared and then cooked in a simple way, but the texture and flavor aren't bad at all.
Mondstadt_Hash_Brown :  A fried cake of mashed potatoes. A little bit of pinecone helps give it a nice crunch, and great with a bit of jam. Loved by people of all ages.
Rice_Pudding :  A dessert made from rice. After cooking the rice beforehand, it is placed into a pot together with the other ingredients, stirred evenly, and steamed. The mouthfeel is fragrant and soft, a perfect denouement to any meal.
Lotus_Flower_Crisp :  One of Liyue's traditional snacks. Sweet stuffed lotus wrapped in a crispy, deep-fried crust. Its layers of flower petals unravel perfectly in the palm of your hand.
Lasagna :  A baked pasta dish. Spread cheese, meat sauce, and Béchamel sauce on a layer of pasta strips, and place another layer of pasta strips on the top — repeat the process a few times and bake the pasta until the cheese becomes golden and bubbly. The secret of its tastiness lies in the carefully-prepared meat sauce.
"Tagged_and_Bagged" : Clorinde's specialty. It consists of freshly caught Fowl that has been but only very slightly roasted. Your initial apprehension quickly vanishes after experiencing its tender texture and refreshing aftertaste for yourself. Anyway, Clorinde already took a bite herself. Surely your digestive system is as robust as a seasoned hunter's is... right? 
Faith_Eternal : Kujou Sara's specialty. Forget calling it a dish, this is really more like a snack. The sweet, fluffy flavor really doesn't seem to suit Sara's own preferences. Wait a moment. That symbol on the snack — does this have to do with a certain other person's tastes instead?
Matsutake_Meat_Rolls :  A pan-fried meat dish. Ground meat is put on the Matsutake and gently pan-fried on low heat so the Matsutake can fully take in the aromatic juice of the meat. It's a mouthwatering delicacy in all of its glory.
More-and-More :  A snack grilled on an iron plate. Water is added to flour and stirred into a slurry, vegetables and meat are added, and the mix is grilled well on an iron plate before taking on a splash of sauce and a sprinkle of dried bonito flakes. This tastes delicious no matter how many ingredients one adds, and indeed it makes people feel like "the more ingredients, the merrier, hence the dish's name.
Tuna_Sushi :  A traditional dish made with one's bare hands. The soft and lightly-vinegared rice is matched with the fresh fish. Locals consider this a slightly luxurious treat.
Fruity_Smoothie : A beverage with simple colors. The smoothie made out of fruit-flavored yogurt has been arranged to resemble the blue sky and white clouds. At the bottom is a thick layer of jelly and finely-cut fruit. The revitalizing flavor makes this beverage the best choice in the summer.
Unagi_Chazuke :  A light and tasty main dish. Well-boiled tea is poured over rice with unagi on top and allowed to steep quietly until the rice grains have absorbed the fragrance of the tea. When combined with the lingering sweet aftertaste of the bowl of unagi, you can eat half a bowl before Paimon can say "Whoa!"
Fish_and_Chips :  A deep-fried appetizer. Coat fish fillets with batter and deep-fry until golden and crispy, then add a few chips on the side. This combination is so miraculous that whatever sauce you choose, it will always bring a hearty smile to your face.
Sparkling_Berry_Juice :  An all-new non-alcoholic beverage. Valberries of varying ripeness add layers of sour-to-sweet to this juice while the cooling sparkling water refreshes the soul — a fine companion for a pleasant and leisurely time. 
Fried_Radish_Balls :  Fried Radish Balls. Fragrant and crispy. Make sure to eat them while they're hot! Said to be a recipe from Liyue.
Invigorating_Pizza : Jean's specialty. This pizza almost seems more art than food. Just one slice is enough to have you raring to go. Is this what keeps Jean working so hard? 
Yearning : Collei's specialty. Nutrient-rich ingredients have been stuffed inside the soft pastry shell to create a filling dish fit for those on the move. According to Collei, the cutlet in it is named "Forest Rangers' barbecue!" ... You know, this rather reminds you of a certain enthusiastic girl in red. The dish must be the embodiment of Collei's innermost admiration. 
Tripes_du_Port :  An offal dish. Cut the ingredients into pieces, put them in a pot, seal with dough, and bake. This recipe originated in a harbor town. The story of the town has long been swallowed by the rising seas, but this delicacy yet survives in Fontaine.
Teyvat_Fried_Egg :  An egg fried on one side. The yolk flows out nicely when broken. So satisfying.
Sabz_Meat_Stew :  A meat stew with a unique taste. A variety of vegetables are mixed together, then chopped into small pieces and stewed with meat. The addition of lemons gives the final product a mildly sour taste. The people of Sumeru usually enjoy this dish over rice.
Zhongyuan_Chop_Suey :  A seasoned and cooked meat dish. Though it contains animal organ meat and bits and scraps of other things, the strong-flavored seasonings have masked the stench of the meat. Many have had this dish for the entirety of their lives without knowing "chop suey" is not actually a swear word in the local language.
Bulle_Sauce_Duck_Breast :  A meat dish with the fragrant fullness of fruit. After sautéeing the duck breast, slice it and plate the meat before drizzling Bulle Fruit sauce atop it. Crisp skin, sumptuous tender meat, and sauce mingling sweet and sour come together in an ensemble that is a classic Fontainian delicacy.
Heartstring_Noodles : Shenhe's specialty. Perhaps this comes from her desire to recreate a flavor that lives only in her memories, but Shenhe has poured much time and effort into both making and plating this dish.  The smooth noodles and delectable soup make a great impression indeed, but the most indelible aspects are the dedication and heart put into this dish… 
Black-Back_Perch_Stew :  A poached fish dish. The fresh and tasty fish fillets are tender and juicy. The secret to this recipe is adding powdered Violetgrass into the heated oil to give the dish that aromatic scent. It's spicy, but not too spicy.
Holy_Water :  A bottle of clear, colorless, and contaminant-free liquid. Indistinguishable from ordinary spring water. May or may not be worth putting all of one's hopes into. 
Pate_de_Fruit :  A gummy candy. It was first created as a way to preserve fruits. With the passage of time, the candy has made its way into every Fontainian's childhood memories. It is sweet and chewy, and one can never have enough of them.
Lantern_Rite_Special_Fried_Radish_Balls :  Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. Fragrant and crispy. Make sure to eat them while they're hot! 
Triple-Layered_Consommé :  A neatly arranged dish. The ham, fowl, and bamboo shoots have been sliced into threads of equal length, and they've been laid out neatly in the soup bowl after being steamed at high heat, before being covered in consommé. The layers are distinct, and the mouthfeel is salty yet fresh.
Sashimi_Platter :  A seafood dish made using fresh ingredients. The fish and shellfish are cut into pieces and arranged neatly. The slices have an elegant and tender taste, providing rich and high-quality nutrition. The lingering sweet aftertaste is derived fully from the ingredients' freshness, and every bite is an enjoyment worth closing one's eyes and savoring.
Milky_Mushroom_Crisp_Tower :  A crunchy appetizer that's baked with mushrooms and cheese on top of bread slices. A single whiff of its amazing smell is enough to fill one with anticipation. Give it a bite, and you'll experience a pleasant burst of sweetness.
Wakatakeni :  A light-colored vegetarian dish. Broth is first poured into the pot before the bamboo shoots, and then the seaweed, are added in. The result is an elegant product with a light mouthfeel that agrees well with all palates. Suitable as a pre-meal appetizer or as a side to a main dish.
Butter_Crab : A grilled crab dish. Appropriate heat control has allowed the crab meat to stay moist and fatty. The butter has seeped into the crab meat, producing an aroma that has people salivating even from afar.
Consomme : A soup with a recipe involving many steps. Mash ingredients, then stew the mash in broth, and finally serve only the clear soup from the stew. Mysterious gossip on the streets in Fontaine claims that a writer suffering from writer's block had a sudden burst of inspiration after slurping this soup down... But how can one be sure that such stupendous effects are really not false advertising cooked up by some restaurant?
Heat-Quelling_Soup : Baizhu's specialty. "This isn't actually medicine, merely something that can alleviate dryness." As Baizhu's concerned voice echoes in your ears, a bowl of lustrous fruit soup greets your gaze. "This dish didn't use to have sugar, but he was worried that you wouldn't be used to the bitter taste, so he added some to it," added Changsheng.
Tianshu_Meat :  A braised meat dish. The cut of meat is a happy medium between lean and fatty, and has been braised to smoking perfection. The ingredients glisten, and are soft but not greasy. Word has it that the Tianshu of a certain generation of the Liyue Qixing invented this dish after much painstaking development.
Fatteh :  An ancient Sumeru dish. The baked bread is crumbled and mixed with boiled Glabrous Beans and preprepared yogurt sauce, and then it is ready to be served. This recipe has been passed down for a long time and has many variants, but they all share one thing in common — being simple and delicious.
Fruity_Duet :  A dual-flavored fruity beverage. Add a thick layer of pulp at the bottom and then pour in a smoothie made out of juice and tea. Its layered flavors of fresh fruit are so tempting that no one is able to refuse the drink.
Braised_Meat :  A stewed dish. The meat slices were fried first, followed by the vegetable accouterments, after which they were mixed together. The soup was then added and simmered until it thickened. After this patient, slow cooking process, the meat has become soft and tender, bringing those who eat it a down-to-earth satisfaction.
Tonkotsu_Ramen :  A steaming-hot noodle dish. The meat, prepared at low temperature, is laid over the noodles. Salty, fragrant, delicious soup seeps into each strand. A single bowl of these is guaranteed to restore any tired soul.
Halvamazd : Nahida's specialty. It is said that "mazd" means "wisdom" in Sumeru, and such delicate "wisdom" is simply irresistible. There is a gentle smile in Nahida's eyes: "The sea anemone has helped the little fish and witnessed its growth, so it's only natural for the little fish to give something back." 
Omelette_Rice :  A main dish wrapped up in an egg skin. The evenly beaten egg fluids are fried into half-doneness before being poured out on top of the rice, and tomato ketchup is drizzled over top afterward once it is ready to plate up. They say that this dish was derived from another region, though this version involves a more complicated cooking method.
Candied_Ajilenakh_Nut :  A rich dessert. First, the syrup is boiled till clear, then mixed with fillings and sesame paste from Sumeru. Then at last, the evenly-mixed syrup is poured into a mold and allowed to solidify into this crunchy form. It is said that the cold lands of Snezhnaya are a host to a similar dish, with a slightly different flavor profile. Of course, both sides naturally believe theirs to be the greatest in all Teyvat.
Gushing_Essential_Oil :  Grants greater affinity for Anemo, boosting Anemo DMG. It has a fragrant smell. It is said that using it during your travels will make you walk as if you're riding on the wind. 
Nutritious_Meal_(V.593) : Sucrose's specialty. It looks like some strange alchemical product at first, but Sucrose insists that it is a healthy and nutritious meal, the result of many experiments and painstaking improvements. Its healthy green color comes from a mix of cream and natural vegetable juices... Wait, vegetable juices? 
Well-Balanced_Meal : Sigewinne's specialty. "You'd better finish it quickly, or the souffle will collapse!" Confronted with such a concerned tone and earnest gaze, you feel compelled to pick up your knife and fork. But then the sight of such familiar-looking chunks of mystery meat, combined with the still-fresh memory of her nutritious shakes... puts you at a loss for what to do next. 
Unmoving_Essential_Oil :  Grants greater affinity for Geo, boosting Geo DMG. You can feel the fine Geo pellets within when applied. It's said to help with physical injuries. 
Spicy_Stew : Barbara's specialty. Carrots cut into cute little stars make this dish... Wait, AHH, where did this spiciness come from!? 
Calla_Lily_Seafood_Soup :  A balanced combination of seafood. The delicacy of crab and mint make for a clear soup, and the calla lily brings it a refreshing taste.
The_Palace_Jewels :  A deliciously fragrant Liyue dish. Shrimp meat is battered and cooked with rich crab roe. The roe is as radiant gold, while the shrimp sparkles like jade, hence the name "The Palace Jewels."
Golden_Fried_Chicken :  Fowl that has been seasoned and then fried. The golden outer skin has all but sealed the abundant juices into the meat, leading to absolute enjoyment with each bite. The taste at your fingertips will linger in memory far longer than the instant it takes to reduce the meal to nothing but slim bones.
Berry_Mizu_Manjuu :  A crystal-clear snack. The transparent skin wraps the yellow filling. It is said that some vendors will put these snacks into a small clay bowl and immerse it in water to ensure that the cool mouthfeel is retained. This dish is as transparent as water, but it will not be washed away by flowing water — this is probably the origin of the name.
Chicken-Mushroom_Skewer :  A skewer of mushrooms and poultry. Fresh poultry is complimented by fragrant mushrooms. Don't be picky, chow down!
Honey_Char_Siu :  A type of roasted meat from Liyue. As the name implies, the marinated meat skewered with a special metal fork is hung above the stove and roasted. The taste of freshly roasted Char Siu is a favorite of many gourmand.
Adventurer's_Breakfast_Sandwich :  A nutritious egg dish. Luxurious mayonnaise sits atop a lining of ham and poached egg toast. The smooth mouthfeel fills you with energy for the long road ahead, and is one of the Adventurers' Guild's top-rated breakfasts.
Rainbow_Macarons :  Small, multi-colored round pastries. There's a saying in Fontaine that a dessert spread without macarons is like having the many waters bereft of their source. Never mind the dessert artists in Fontainian kitchens — even dessert dilettantes on the streets know this adage by heart.
Way_of_the_Strong : Arataki Itto's specialty. He insists that this is a "heretofore unmatched dish" hand-made by "Arataki 'Number One Gourmet' Itto." Whether standing, sitting, or lying down, this'll fill your tummy in one shot and send you well on your way to becoming the second-mightiest being in the world. What a swell guy. 
Chicken_Tofu_Pudding :  A dish that requires great precision to make. The finely diced chicken breast is stirred vigorously and added into a soup with various other minced meats, before being cooked over a small flame. The result is light and elegant, and it tastes like tofu pudding. The meat is presented in such a form that the experience of consuming it is like tasting the finest chicken one has ever eaten, yet without appearing to have eaten chicken at all. This is part of Liyue's culinary fine arts.
Come_and_Get_It :  A dish made out of a luxurious variety of ingredients. There is no great refinement in the making of this food, and it appears in Liyue often during festival season. Whenever this dish is served up, the person at the head of the table will invite everyone to dig in, saying "Come on, eat, eat," hence the name.
Sweet_Madame :  Honey-roasted fowl. The honey and sweet flowers come together to compliment the tender fowl meat.
Chili-Mince_Cornbread_Buns :  A traditional snack from Liyue. The fresh dough is turned out into a round, rested, and then placed inside a cage to steam. The meat and vegetables are then washed, diced, before being fried quickly in an oiled wok. When eaten, the fried condiments must be placed into the empty space in the middle of the buns before they are eaten together. Between the crisp vegetables and the flavorful meat, this is solid, great flavor.
Lantern_Rite_Special_Jewelry_Soup :  Traditional cuisine made to celebrate Lantern Rite. Snapdragon, tofu, and lotus seeds are put into boiling water and simmered. Jewelry Soup earned its luxurious name from the look of the ingredients used, but contrary to its name, the soup is commonly prepared and served in ordinary households. 
Starshroom :  A fungus with a cap that resembles a five-pointed star. It is quite hardy indeed. Once it matures, the center of the cap will split open. 
Mora_Meat :  A large hunk of minced meat packaged inside of a pastry. When you split the pastry in two, minced meat spills out. The taste of meat grease is all but gone, and the baking process has brought out the sweetness of the pastry. Such pastries are usually stamped with the word "Mora," all the better to represent wealth and fortune.
Wolfhook_Juice :  A freshly squeezed, fashionable, and fruity non-alcoholic beverage. Iced Wolfhook juice mixed with a pinch of other ingredients, forming a dreamy shade of violet. 
Flaming_Essential_Oil :  Grants greater affinity for Pyro, boosting Pyro DMG. It is made of materials that gestate Pyro, which serves to draw in Pyro energy more effectively. It also makes the user more fired-up and passionate. 
Goldflame_Tajine : Dehya's specialty. As you open the unassuming lid, you are greeted with supple meat that turns out to be so tender that one could get drunk on the sensation of it slipping between your lips... It seems that Dehya's dab kitchen hand is as steady as her sword-arm. 
Padisarah_Pudding :  A popular dessert in Sumeru. Juices are squeezed from the petals of Padisarahs and Sumeru Roses before being mixed with milk, gelatin, sugar, and other ingredients, and then left to solidify. Cute appearance and sweet flavor make it a common sight at celebratory events in Sumeru.
Crystal_Shrimp :  One of Liyue's traditional snacks. The stuffing is taken from whole fresh shrimp, and the glistening quality of the flour can be guessed at from the translucence of the outer skin. Has a springy, tasty chew.
Eight-Treasure_Duck : A dish that needs true skill to make. Eight kinds of meat and vegetables, known as the eight treasures, are stuffed into a deboned duck. This is then molded into the shape of a gourd, to represent good fortune and auspiciousness. Exquisite ingredients, superb cutting skills, and phenomenal timing are all needed, that the finished dish might be worthy of its place as the final course at any banquet.
Dustproof_Potion :  A potion that boosts Geo RES and keeps one from getting bothered by sand and dust. It has a strange taste not unlike that of magnets. It keeps a traveler clean from all the sand and dust out there. 
Vessie_Chicken :  A famous Fontainian cuisine. "Vessie" means "bladder" in Fontaine. As the name suggests, the seasoned chicken meat is enclosed in a forest boar's bladder when being poached in a meat broth. The bladder will puff out during the process like a rotund Specter. People usually only eat the chicken meat inside.
Streaming_Essential_Oil :  Grants greater affinity for Hydro, boosting Hydro DMG. It's a slippery medicine for external use, able to better channel Hydro energy. It has a subtle fragrance. 
Boudin_Noir_aux_Pommes :  A traditional Fontainian dish. Fry the apple slices and blood sausage slices separately and serve them on a plate with sauce. Judging by the name of this dish, tourists from other nations often think it should be a dessert, while Boudin Noir is actually just a name for blood sausage.
A_Leisurely_Sip : Lynette's specialty. It was time for afternoon tea, and Lynette laid down a snack made especially for you. The image of the young lady who taking small sips from the cup and the image of the kitten-shaped dessert seemed to overlap. Your heart was filled with sweetness, but you were also a bit concerned about the state of the kitchenware... 
Golden_Shrimp_Balls :  A deep-fried shrimp dish. The aroma assaults your senses, while the crispy potatoes bring out the light sweetness of the shrimp meat. This, in tandem with its cute, small shape, makes it very enticing indeed.
Fontinalia_Mousse :  A true blue Fontinalia Festival snack. This mousse is shaped in the image of the Lakelight Lily's bud. After the Festival's customs were changed to align more with dessert delectation, it quickly came to be a much-favored Fontainian food favorite. Don't forget to share them with all the trial-or-treaters who come your way!