OverviewSeasonsEventsBattlesFortune SlipsVoice-Overs
A Fortune Slip may be drawn once per season and may contain one of the following texts at random:‍[verification needed]
Season Fortune Slip
"A swordsman's blade and their heart are linked.To change one's spirit is to change one's sword.The sword of one who seeks to defend is calm and controlled, while a blade of fury is keen and spiteful."— Shifting Forms of Favonius Bladework (I)To hold regret and sorrow within oneself is unspeakable agony, to roast your very soul.Do not allow your soul to be scorched, charred black by flame.A mind consumed by misery and agony is a lure for tragedy and destruction.Know, then, to nourish your heart as if it were a flower to be cared for.A spring of sweet waters lies within the depths of your soul — and even amid despair, there is hope.
"There is time for you and me, enough to hesitate a hundred times.Dally and daydream a hundred times, before one eats one's bread and tea.Shake one's head and give up a hundred times, as the wrinkles climb to your eyes and no teeth remain to adorn your mouth."— Breeze Amidst the Forest: Spins-In-Circles SimonIf you fall to stagnation, the way forward and back will be obscured.At such times, any rash decision is merely an opportunity for future misfortune to ambush you.Know that stopping to think things over is no sign of weakness, but always remember that your body is subject to the ticking clock.And when the timepiece rings, you must make your move.
"It would appear that the hilichurls possess no concept of either the past or future, living only in the present.They do not intentionally store food for survival, nor do they honor the memory of their deceased forebears."— Hilichurl Cultural Customs (II)Random little things can bring great happiness, inspiring laughter and smiles into which sunlight seeps.Yet one can never have too much joy, and thus, the happiness of the present should be treasured.Our lives are made up of countless fleeting "present" moments that pass us by.Even hilichurls, therefore, know the meaning of "living in the present."Seize these beautiful moments and string them together into joys still greater.
"The newly built holy place was vast and elegant. The artisans had poured all their talent and imagination into its construction.The believers, overcome by euphoria, could not know that a single brick was missing from beneath the freshly painted altar.Even the lead artisan had forgotten about this.But in a mere three years, the whole structure would collapse in a storm for want of that single missing brick."— Tales of the Holy PlaceWhat we wish in our hearts to make reality, we pour all our soul into making perfect.But beware the flaws that lie beneath a shining surface.The surface of the sea is often calmest just before a tidal wave, and disaster needs but an instant to strike.The flight of birds signals the coming tempest, and the mountains roar before an avalanche.All evils have their portents, so be sure to keep your eyes wide open.
"Apples and sunsettias are the most common and economical fruits available on the markets during harvest season.Between the two, apples have the longer ripening period, and are consequently sweeter, possessing greater sugar content."— Mondstadt Botanical YearbookHaving persevered to the very end, the light of dawn is but a heartbeat away.Your lengthy exhaustion shall receive succor, and the future is suffused with honeyed sweetness.The fruit of your sweating brow is about to ripen — you need only reach out and pluck it.The harvest reaped by the hardworking is the most marvelous tale in this world.So rejoice and be merry, for this labor shall soon be your richest reward.
"All I have said above is based on daily experience, but what of things beyond that basis?Just as the wise have said, once intelligence departs the borders of experience, it enters the realm of flighty fantasy,And thus, this tome can provide no answers to such questions."— Along with Divinity (IX)It is futile to agonize over things that have yet to come to pass.Rather than hesitate, why not take the first step, boldly pushing forward?The path ahead may be fraught with unknown difficulties, but it matters not.In this, your past experiences shall be your greatest teacher.
"Watching the rose blooms as they twist and twineLike arms scatt'ring gold seeds they do thrust outTheir red skirts flowing in the wind do windWithered — their gold the yard is strewn about."— Breeze Upon the Lake: A Midsummer Night's SongDo not allow trivial everyday drudgery to trip you up,Nor should you let those boring anxieties take over your life.Strike out, while the fire in your heart yet burns!Bloom at the most opportune time like the rose,Even if the price is that you must wither, shall it not have been worth it?
"Don't fret, my friend."Said the sly fox with a chuckle,"Just stay in that tree hollow first. Once you've digested that fruit in your tummy and return to how you were, you'll be able to get out just fine."— Mondstadt Fables Omnibus (XII): The Tale of Two FoxesThe answer to intractable troubles can prove beyond the scope of your best efforts.But perhaps it is not a question of ability, but one of timing.In your darkest hour, the light at the end of the tunnel may be seen most clearly, and all the problems that beset you may be effortlessly solved.Come, friend. No need to be anxious about such things. Simply let time bring you an answer.
"At last, when aristocratic rule was established,The wondrous era brought about by their trailblazing would end.The people remembered their heroic ancestors with fondness,But they had to, at last, confront the dark reality facing them."— History of Kings and Clans: Tyrants, Heirs, and Rebels (I)Nostalgia is a tempting prospect when plagued by difficulty and doubt.Yet no matter how one yearns and reminiscences, those past joys have long turned to smoke and mist.If you lack the courage to step forward, the path to the future shall never open.
"Weep not for the withered leaf,In spring winds shall it sprout again.And even the dew of autumn's dawn,Must fall as nourishing rain."— Breeze Amidst the Forest: Third Autumn Wind SongThey say that fate is fickle, but the seasons turn as they ever have.Know that shriveled glory is but a pale shade of living.Things in life cannot be forced into being, so one might as well go with the flow and embrace what comes.Whether laughter or tears, all are part and parcel of living.
"Once, I quarreled much with this world,But the flame of my rage has since been quelled by life.That was the epitaph I once wrote for myself,But those are all empty words now,For the good doctor has plucked that terrible, harmful button from my throat."— Breeze Amidst the Forest: Anecdotal Anthology Part VIWhen unfortunate incidents occur, good luck waves at you from secret places.You will find an opportunity for a "turnaround" hidden in the most unexpected of corners.What comes after can only be "better and best."Perhaps taking the opportunity to sort things out at home will result in unexpected gains?
"Just yesterday he was a high and mighty tyrant, claiming to hold the peoples' fate in his hands.Yet today, he has transformed into an earnest believer, begging for the Anemo Archon's forgiveness.Let us throw him into the dungeons!For did he not spend his life before in opulent luxury, nothing more than a prisoner to desire?"— History of Kings and Clans: Tyrants, Heirs, and Rebels (XII)Dissatifaction with present circumstances is suffocating, leading to much inward lamentation.Fortune favors those who reach out early, so make preparations to make that stitch in time.If you wait until sunset's final rays shine upon the treetops and the springwater beneath your feet is but parched riverbed...At that point, no amount of inspired action will salvage the situation.
"Slimes can indeed be eaten. Not directly, of course, but in the form of thick, chewy ramen — after stretching one out multiple times, of course.Consecrated Scorpions from a distant nation, deprived of head and tail and generously sprinkled with numbing Mist Grass Pollen, can be as delicious as crabs.And have you seen the cross-cut atop a Geo Fungus's head? That's the surest sign of edibility!"— Monstrous Gastronomy: PrefacePeople often say that you should not eat mushrooms you find growing by the road.Yet how often they forget the basic principles of how to survive in dire circumstances.Open your mind! Use what is before you to cut a path forward.Surely, something preferable to being forced to eat monsters will happen to you.
"'I love everyone. Youths brown- or golden-eyed, overbearing friends, and even those considered mediocre.Why, for these many loving gazes to slip away from my side like fine Dandelion Wine spilled to the ground undrunk... Such a thing would be completely intolerable!How could you, then, accuse me of being fickle in my affections?''No, my friend. If you love all people, that just means that you have never learned what it means to truly love.'"— Breeze Upon the Lake: Anecdotal Anthology Part VIIOverflowing synonymity often proves shallow and thin-spread, while experiences born of purity cut deeper.Focus on what you're looking forward to most, and you'll be rewarded far more than you imagine.Embrace sincere hope in your heart, and see the future of your dreams run toward you.
"Pike the Fox stole an apple pie and a bottle of grape wine.A masterful digger was Pike.Pike got a new necktie and woolen stockings.These were secured on account of a cute little friend.Now, Pike's friend suggested that they stop their hole-digging. Instead, they should move into a tall, impressive building, and there make acquaintance with refined company.No problem, Pike said. One last job, and we'll retire.Ker-thunk! The metal cage descended from on high, trapping Pike and his friend, and the howl of hunting hounds set them a-trembling.What should they do? Pike looked this way and that frantically.Quick, his friend shouted, quick! Dig a hole! Our way out is underground! Come on!"— Mondstadt Fables Omnibus (IV): Pike the FoxThough you may hold sweet, mellow wine in your hand, the wine in another's cup seems finer still.Still, do not forget the fundamental differences that exist between yourself and others.Polish the dust-lined pearl in your heart, for that is a precious thing.And just like that fox's fine friend, be a fine "you."
"'There's no point being careful only after having been trapped in a cage.'The cat said to the nightingale hung by the windowsill.'Even if you should never sing again during the day, it would make no difference.'"— Mondstadt Fables Omnibus (VI): The Caged BirdRegret is futile once misfortune has already befallen you.A thousand "if onlys" will not change the present situation.Friend, do not let self-blame and regret halt your steps.You can only save yourself by actively working your way out.
"The child was about to depart, and his destitute mother could only bring a hand-drawn likeness of the god as a votive offering.So simple and crude was the portrait that it would be worth nothing on the market.Still, O Anemo Archon, please protect him. Protect that child,For even in so meager a gift is held a mother's true heart."— Breeze Amidst the Forest: Ode to the Thousand WindsWealth can add color to your life,But it cannot add true happiness.The value of an item lies not in its appearance,For love and sincerity are the truest treasures.
"She once threw down the tyrant's tall tower, and she once broke the chains of slavery,Countless other great deeds did she perform, but she has departed.For the sake of our freedom and future, forget not her story!"— History of Kings and Clans: Tyrants, Heirs, and Rebels (V)History's mighty heroes have forged the lives we lead today,And their stories give us the courage to face our struggles.When such difficulties bog us down, it may behoove us to think upon our forebears!Perhaps their sagas can be to us a font of wisdom and strength.
"When you hear the gentle breeze blowing over the fields, that is my voice calling you, brother.Take my hand and journey with me, for to wander alone in distant lands is lonely indeed.Let us pass through forests and long nights together, until we return to the homeland we've yearned for."— Breeze Upon the Lake: The Wayfarer's SongRefreshing springs and flowers, the summer breeze, familiar streets...Every person has a "homeland" in their hearts that belongs only to them.When you feel exhausted, slow down a little and look to the past.It is the past, after all, that grants us the strength to move forward.
"The Seneschal called upon all his oratory powers in his appeal to the people to repair the holy sanctuary.He would speak differently to different congregations.To the old, he spoke of the divine might and saving grace. To the young, he painted a picture of prospective prosperity that would be purchased by the planned procurement of the property.Till at last, the repairs were agreed upon by all."— Tales of the Holy PlaceThe road ahead is a tangle of unexpected circumstances.Sticking to dusty old strictures will only lead to further difficulties.As such, be adaptable — use different strategies tailored to your situation to achieve victory.
"It thought that its time had come, and so put the heavy purse down.Pretending to forget its master's command, it looked for a brief, sweet dream, or perhaps an eternal peace.But as it lay down, it realized that the food for which it had been searching, the key to surviving this great snowfall...Had at some point been hung upon its own tail."— Wolfhook and Weasel Thief's 200-Step WinterIll fortune often brings anxiety, and it will whisper ceaselessly in your ear.It will tell you that you must keep your eyes on the prize, that you should keep moving toward it.But rushing forward in a panic may instead make your wish impossible to realize.Perhaps you lacked the needed calm or ignored vital help that might have been close to hand—Like a wolfhook that got caught on your coat at some unknown point, becoming the perfect sustenance in time of dire need.
"The walls circling the tower were too grand, too majestic, and so the bricks and tiles needed were as numerous as grains of sand upon a beach.Surely, who would notice if a few sand grains were missing? So thinking, the artisan tarried.He would do a little every day, note the work he had done, and leave the rest for tomorrow.Yet, the 'tomorrows' left to him were numbered.The warriors who lifted high rebellion's song would enter through those gaps, saving them seven-tenths of the losses they might have otherwise suffered storming the walls...The artisan watched this from afar, the secret delight in his heart mixed with fear and apprehension.Fortune had smiled upon him this time, for his laxity had inadvertently birthed great beneficence.But what about next time?"— The Ones the Wind Forgot: Decarabian's PeopleTo cast one's hopes upon tomorrow in exchange for a brief moment of peace...That something is tried and true is an intoxicating thought.But what if the "you" of tomorrow is also waiting on opportunities created in the past?Waiting for all the previously invested effort that has been built up for this moment to bring about some transformation?This test of promise-keeping could only ever be approached one way.Know that delay and regret are inseparable twins.Perhaps it is best to take action immediately, both today and tomorrow.
"All is silent,Upon Starsnatch Cliff.No winds are heard,On the treetops,No shape of birds,So swiftly stop and rest,Hurry not to press on."— Breeze Amidst the Forest: Traveler's Night-SongTo persevere is no doubt important, but only rest can fight one's fatigue.Though your labors shall bear fruit, do not overlook the beauty that lies before you.Rest as needed. Do not miss out on such joys near at hand.
"That the people of Vindagnyr revered the gods thusly is beyond doubt. Yet they were just as surely duped and deceived if they believed their duty to the gods beneficial to their lives in this world. The end that fate had decreed for them could not be called 'beautiful,' no matter how you look at it."— Along with Divinity (III)You go forward with dreams and hope in your heart, but not without an indistinct sense of unease.If you desire guidance or answers, rely not on that which is external and illusory.The world is filled with a cacophony of views, but among them, your inner voice alone can know that which is truest.
"Cover the flatbread with delicious mushrooms, cheese, and vegetables, and then roast it. The heated cheese can be pulled into long, thin threads, which makes for addictive bites. The fresh 'shrooms and crisp vegetables shall tread upon the path of cheese, hand in hand, and dance on the tip of your tongue."— Mondstadt Gourmet Anthology (I): Mushroom PizzaTo hold regret and sorrow within oneself is unspeakable agony, to roast your very soul.But just as Mushroom Pizza must go through the flames,To become as fragrant as it is, persist, persist resolutely in your path.One day, that hard work shall become something worthy of dance and song.
"This plain bathes in an everlasting breeze. An ancient, monumental tree left behind by a heroine from a bygone era speaks softly amidst the winds."— Mondstadt Travel Guide: WindriseAs our ancestors said, in barren soil are the seeds of tomorrow buried.Dreams and hope will eventually penetrate that dark, hardened earth, growing into a tree that touches the skies.Enjoy the present moment, for this journey shall nourish the future.
"In amongst the darkness of the trees, soft patches of white could be seen weaving between the shadows.With unfaltering trust, I followed the fox round and about, soon emerging from the dark forest in a seemingly faraway land.There, in the moonlight, a sea of dandelions lay before me, stretching as far as the eye could see."— The Fox in the Dandelion Sea (IV)Everyone has moments where they feel trapped by doubt.Believe in your heart and where it leads you, and go forth even amidst uncertainty.Someday, you too will become like a dandelion,Unfettered, floating and flying free toward your distant dream.The path to the future is not paved with only tears and moonlight.
"As things are I can no longer say,Which is night and which is day.If the dawn wind shall sing no more,What shall we pray or sing hymns for?O mine heart, you must like Ragnvindr be,Exorcise the night and light the morn,And let freedom's flowers bloom brilliantly,Their torch across the plains by the west wind borne."— Breeze Upon the Lake: Songs of Dawnlight Part VIAny choice you make will change the present situation.Do not be troubled by this, however, and step out ahead boldly onto the road ahead.Carry hope in your heart and press on resolutely, just as the legendary knights once did.And where the sun sets, the morning wind shall bring about a new day.
"You witch, you who ensnares human hearts, now let me atone for my sin.Let me fall along with you, should you go to the Anemo Archon's punishment,For the destruction reflected in your eyes is greater than all the hymns in this world."— The Mondstadt Tower (III)In pursuing a beautiful dream, one may find it as elusive as Inès's enchanting song.Know that obstinate is not derogatory by any means, for it is only another way of saying "conviction."But remember that the meaning of such a pursuit lies in the journey itself.Do not forget the beautiful vision you beheld at the beginning amidst your chase.
"The mellifluous sound of the lyre and the sweet dawn dreams,Bar my love's homeward steps, it seems.Dandelion, dandelion, bear my song to her ears,And should this sigh, this evening breeze she hear,Might the form I yearn for yet return?"— Breeze Upon the Lake: Song of Spring and RoseCircumstances may not match your expectations, but in them also lurk new opportunities.As long as you hold hope for the future in your heart, joyful days shall come again, right on schedule.
"Of these, Sweet Madame was a delicacy greatly loved by the early people of Mondstadt. All a family would need after a hard day's work was a little honey-marinated, roasted Fowl accompanied by a gentle evening breeze, and they could enjoy a delicious meal together. The Sweet Flower juices would seep into the tender meat, making for a dish most delectable."— History of Kings and Clans: The Cultivation of Mondstadt (V)Your long labors shall at last be rewarded, and days of relaxation shall soon arrive.Go, enjoy song and merriment with the friends who accompanied you.After all, neither fine treasure nor food can surpass the wondrous time you spent together.
"Hear you now these words I speak unto you. You are highborn. A ruling scion. Fresh leaves on a laurel crown. Nobility. Speak slowly, think deeply, and do not shout, lest you be taken for a shameless ignoramus."— History of Kings and Clans: Tyrants, Heirs, and Rebels (III)The days of the aristocracy are long dead and gone, but the instructive words from those days remain incisive.Do not pride yourself on trivial achievements, or indulge yourself on impoverished benefits.Arrogance blinds you in both eyes, such that you cannot see disaster staring you in the face.Remain humble and maintain control — that is how you will achieve still greater things.
"There is a row of lush grape fields, astride that yonder lake.The wind upon that land lies still, sweet fragrance to awake.Yet darkened dusk is soon to fall, the storm shall shred the vines.Harvest now, come one, come all, lest we drink the bitter wines."— Breeze Amidst the Forest: Harvest SongJust as flowers do not spring from the soil without cause, so too is it with how all and sundry denounce any gains made without putting in the work.No amount of sighs will free you from a muck of trouble, and fields watered with negativity bear harvests of disaster.Do not revel in indolence's sweet stupor, for it forges the shackles of defeat and lures people to terrible downfall.
"The keen blade that pierced him was forged from the gladiator's shackles. All that the nobility leaned upon became the root of their downfall."— History of Kings and Clans: Tyrants, Heirs, and Rebels (XI)The problem before you is complex and unusual, as impregnable as a tower.But do not lose your way, for the answer is hidden within nonetheless.Just as a blade can be forged from chains, so are your surroundings your secret strength.
"No wisdom in this world is set in stone and squirreled away. All knowledge should be discovered by those who come after. In this search, phenomena shall present propositions, while experimentation and induction shall birth the conclusion to said proposition."— Alchemy 101: PrefaceKnowledge stored in books does not wisdom make, no more than the reflection in a lake is the real thing.Fools drink themselves into hypothetical stupors, while the sagacious seek truth earnestly.Do not be deceived by false paralysis, but do not make reckless decisions either.Cool rationality is the font of hope within chaos.
"The gentle breeze arrives, as grass and tree slowly revive.Birds in chorus, flowers bloom, nature springs alive.Ah, my love, listen now as to you my innermost feelings I confide."— Breeze Amidst the Forest: Early Spring Series Part IIISpring sneaks up silently, and all things are renewed.If you wish to gain something from it, then set out on your journey immediately.Fortune favors the bold, so fear not the road ahead. Do not tarry for too long, or you may regret it.
Unnamed slips
(The handwriting here is exquisite, to the point of seeming like some sort of printout. This doesn't look like a fortune slip...)To be honest, we weren't the most familiar of people in the organization Alice founded. But I find that things and people around me have changed much in the many years that followed... and now, you are amongst the few I am most acquainted with.I must confess that I did not initially understand what Alice saw in you. Being "interesting" was the measuring stick, said she, and being the "most interesting" was the only criterion for being invited to join. Later, I realized that I had only thought that I had understood your stories. That your acuity for the world's operating principles could perhaps sometimes surpass that of astrology. Sometimes, that is!I, too, have grown old, and I do not know how long I have left. So yes, I admit that I really do miss you, just a little. Not that I would actually go over to keep you company or anything, though.
(Cutesy-looking handwriting. This seems nothing like a fortune slip...)I travel around Teyvat every so often to see if any landscape-altering changes have happened in the meantime, rewriting my seven-nation travel guide once sufficiently few people remember my name.But I've been feeling tired of late for some reason. Might be the coming of spring.In Mondstadt, I met a girl who looked very much like you when you were little. I walked with her for a bit out of boredom, and as it turned out, she just so happened to be returning a book to the library. One of yours, in fact.So I got it in my head to brag a little — I do have signed copies in my possession, after all! Didn't expect her to say that she didn't like your stories.Thinking that she hadn't understood, I explained that the boar, the wolf, and the forest were all symbols. That they were each stand-ins, making the story a most deep mystery indeed.You know what she said? "I know that. But the world has changed."Ah, how I wish you were there at that moment! You'd have it out with her right there and then, and you'd end off by saying: "Well who's the author here, you or me?" But for some reason, I said nothing at all.She looked askance at me for a few moments before pulling a hanky out and wiping the sweat born from the sweltering spring off my face. Then she waved, and disappeared completely into the crowd, bouncing pigtails and all.I was so furious, you know — why, it almost brought me to tears! Really, what's a little girl's word on the state of the wider world, anyway? And so I must go see for myself. On that note, I shan't tarry here thinking about you too much. Today is a good day for traveling, after all.
(Messy handwriting. This doesn't seem much like a fortune slip...)In truth, I said all I wished to say to you in the end, but Alice still advised me to write a little, saying that what I cannot say aloud, I can always write, surely. That is the case, though I have spoken directly into peoples' minds for so long... that I never practiced my penmanship anyway.No need to worry if I've pried into any of your innermost thoughts, I've never done anything like that. If that does not reassure you, let me share one of my secrets with you. Having been suffocated by my inability to speak, I wound up being an incredibly talkative person at first. Alice noted that those who used their real mouths to blather on with had far fewer problems than I, since I would set my head abuzz and give myself quite a headache whenever I spoke. She advised me to speak more steadily and present an air of mystery and nobility — which is how I wound up speaking the way you remember.I'm off, in any case. There's not much to worry about here with you — so why don't you watch over me instead?
(Neat handwriting. This does not look like a fortune-telling slip...)Barbie's gotten old, letting her emotions get in the way of proper writing. Not so I — as the first Mayor, I requested Alice to help me settle various trifling matters in Snezhnaya. And in exchange, she asked that I pen a passage in here.I do not believe in any world after death, so we must live our best while we still draw breath. As such, I do not think you will read a word I write here — I write to myself alone.Neither of us ever had any magic or combat training. We are simply ordinary. As such, we might be able to come to an understanding, though I believe otherwise. Alice was too ██ing good to you. Back in the day, she dragged me through waterways, blowing furnaces up, catching a cat within a Domain... The process was complicated and far from straightforward, but in any case, it was meant to protect the people around us.You might have wondered, is this the price of getting along with this gaggle of mad women? I doubt you would agree with that assessment, nor would I. Those were, after all, the most precious days of our time together, were they not?
Trivia[]
The unnamed Fortune Slips are handwritten letters to Andersdotter from her fellow members of the Hexenzirkel. Based on the way they refer to the recipient, they were likely written close to or after Andersdotter's death.
This page is in need of information.Can you help out? Click here to add more.Unspecified reason
After completing a stage, the player will return to the Theater Lobby, where the 4 characters chosen to make up the party can be spoken to.
Each playable character features 3 sets of dialogue pertaining to the ongoing domain challenge, some small-talk and taking a break from the challenge.
Media:vo alhaitham saferoom challenge 01.ogg Alhaitham: Having a challenging mid-to-long-term goal is a good thing.
Media:vo alhaitham saferoom challenge 02.ogg Alhaitham: This applies equally to combat, job-seeking, and the pursuit of knowledge.
Media:vo alhaitham saferoom challenge 03.ogg Alhaitham: But what people get out of achieving their goal depends on the individual.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo alhaitham saferoom others 01.ogg Alhaitham: Quite a few books.
Media:vo alhaitham saferoom others 02.ogg Alhaitham: Storybooks, mostly. A rare sight in the House of Daena — they claim it would distract the students from their studies.
Media:vo alhaitham saferoom others 03.ogg Alhaitham: But if the fate of a student's studies depends on externally imposed restrictions, whether to storybooks or otherwise, they won't make it far in academia.
Resting[]
Media:vo alhaitham saferoom rest 01.ogg Alhaitham: Rest time, you say?
Media:vo alhaitham saferoom rest 02.ogg Alhaitham: Mm. Then let's give our vocal cords a rest.
Media:vo alhaitham saferoom rest 03.ogg Alhaitham: Grab some coffee, and spend some time thinking about the things you're usually too busy for.
Amber[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo ambor saferoom challenge 01.ogg Amber: You know that magical bird I told you about? The one I spent three days hunting? I still wear the feather I took as a trophy on my waist.
Media:vo ambor saferoom challenge 02.ogg Amber: There's nothing like finally defeating your enemy after a long, hard battle. It's like biting into a delicious steak when you're starving hungry!
Media:vo ambor saferoom challenge 03.ogg Amber: So, whatever happens — don't give up!
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo ambor saferoom others 01.ogg Amber: I've had times when I wished that one day, I'd wake up to find Baron Bunny had come to life and could talk.
Media:vo ambor saferoom others 02.ogg Amber: Y'know, like Oz, Fischl's raven. They get to go adventuring together, and can even split up on missions when they need to.
Media:vo ambor saferoom others 03.ogg Amber: Still, Baron Bunny's already a huge help. Besides, if I want to become the best outrider ever, it's me I gotta focus on!
Resting[]
Media:vo ambor saferoom rest 01.ogg Amber: What do you think we'll find if we go further in? I'm excited to see.
Media:vo ambor saferoom rest 02.ogg Amber: I know, everyone needs to rest after the last battle... But I'm an Outrider. I'm not used to standing around waiting.
Media:vo ambor saferoom rest 03.ogg Amber: Make sure you don't forget to call me when you're ready to leave!
Arlecchino[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo arlecchino saferoom challenge 01.ogg Arlecchino: The enemies we face are of a lowly breed. Deal with them however you see fit.
Media:vo arlecchino saferoom challenge 02.ogg Arlecchino: But do not get complacent. You should expect to fend for yourself, as I am not in the habit of coming to other people's rescue.
Media:vo arlecchino saferoom challenge 03.ogg Arlecchino: If you do encounter a foe for whom you are no match, simply make yourself scarce, and I shall deal with it in due course.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo arlecchino saferoom others 01.ogg Arlecchino: Before I go on a long journey, I tend to leave the children of the House of the Hearth with some homework to complete in my absence.
Media:vo arlecchino saferoom others 02.ogg Arlecchino: Many of them, however, simply play to their hearts' content for most of the time I am gone, then rush to get their homework done in the final few days before my return.
Media:vo arlecchino saferoom others 03.ogg Arlecchino: They believe I am none the wiser, but I have simply elected not to expose their chicanery. After all, to complete one's work in a short timeframe is a skill in its own right.
Resting[]
Media:vo arlecchino saferoom rest 01.ogg Arlecchino: You intend to take a rest? I concur. You do look quite tired.
Media:vo arlecchino saferoom rest 02.ogg Arlecchino: Self-knowledge is a good trait to have. Better to walk at a slower pace if it means you will travel further in the end.
Media:vo arlecchino saferoom rest 03.ogg Arlecchino: I brought some coffee candies. Here, take one.
Baizhu[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo baizhu saferoom challenge 01.ogg Baizhu: *cough*... *cough*
Media:vo changsheng saferoom challenge 01.ogg Changsheng: Hey, are you sure you can keep going? Maybe we should take things a bit more slowly?
Media:vo baizhu saferoom challenge 02.ogg Baizhu: ...It's nothing serious. If I let every little setback stop me, I'd never have made it this far.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo baizhu saferoom others 01.ogg Baizhu: There are a surprising number of books here. I can't help but wonder if there are any ancient prescriptions or medical texts...
Media:vo changsheng saferoom others 01.ogg Changsheng: Sorry to disappoint, but I already took a look. They're pretty much all children's books.
Media:vo baizhu saferoom others 02.ogg Baizhu: Is that so... Well, some fairytales may still have therapeutic benefits in treating mood-related disorders.
Resting[]
Media:vo baizhu saferoom rest 01.ogg Baizhu: This place is truly perilous, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)... Do you have any injuries or concerning symptoms you'd like to tell me about?
Media:vo baizhu saferoom rest 02.ogg Baizhu: Yes, I know you're very skilled, but just because you're not black and blue doesn't mean everything is okay. If you're not careful, fatigue will accumulate over time and catch you unawares. You must remember to stretch to relieve tension and ensure good circulation of your qi...
Media:vo changsheng saferoom rest 01.ogg Changsheng: ...Or to put it bluntly, he's worried about you! So just lie down and let us give you a quick checkup.
Beidou[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo beidou saferoom challenge 01.ogg Beidou: There's some pretty tough cookies lurking around in here, huh? Still, nothing to be scared of.
Media:vo beidou saferoom challenge 02.ogg Beidou: If you're out on stormy seas and a giant wave is coming towards you, you only put yourself at risk of capsizing if you try to steer around it. But if you face it head on and take it on the bow, you can split that wave down the middle.
Media:vo beidou saferoom challenge 03.ogg Beidou: I'm used to taking the helm when the storms come. So when we head into battle, feel free to put me up front!
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo beidou saferoom others 01.ogg Beidou: There's a lot of stories about me floating around in Liyue, but I guess the most well-known is the one about me defeating Haishan.
Media:vo beidou saferoom others 02.ogg Beidou: I'm ashamed to admit it, but I went into that fight with a huge ego. I thought I'd seen it all and wanted to show people that I could take on the world... Little did I know it would very nearly cost me my life.
Media:vo beidou saferoom others 03.ogg Beidou: Ultimately, I still dealt the final blow. But in the end, what got me through it wasn't my arrogant desire to prove myself. It was the fact that I had a whole crew behind me that I cared about a lot.
Resting[]
Media:vo beidou saferoom rest 01.ogg Beidou: Since we've got some time on our hands, do you wanna take a seat and shoot the breeze for a bit? I brought some drinks if you're thirsty.
Media:vo beidou saferoom rest 02.ogg Beidou: With me here, we can take whatever this domain has to throw at us.
Media:vo beidou saferoom rest 03.ogg Beidou: There's no point spending all your time worrying about what lies beyond the horizon. If it's a sunny day, you can snooze away, and if there's dark clouds ahead, you just gotta roll up your sleeves and sail on through the storm! That there is the secret to living a happy life.
Bennett[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo bennett saferoom challenge 01.ogg Bennett: These monsters are stronger all the time... Probably 'cause I'm on the team, I bet.
Media:vo bennett saferoom challenge 02.ogg Bennett: But the good news is, as the leader of Benny's Adventure Team, I've learned a lot about how to draw monsters' attention!
Media:vo bennett saferoom challenge 03.ogg Bennett: I'll lure them out, and once they charge at me, you guys wait for the right moment to take 'em all down!
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo bennett saferoom others 01.ogg Bennett: I've always wanted to go off on a big, long adventure, and grow old along the way, just like my dads.
Media:vo bennett saferoom others 02.ogg Bennett: I know there's a lot of bad luck waiting for me out there, and if I'm not careful, I might not have the chance to grow old at all...
Media:vo bennett saferoom others 03.ogg Bennett: But my mind's made up. I have to do it! Because... adventuring is my favorite thing!
Resting[]
Media:vo bennett saferoom rest 01.ogg Bennett: If it's okay with you, I think we should check all the pillars in this room, just to make sure they're sturdy.
Media:vo bennett saferoom rest 02.ogg Bennett: If I spend too long in one place, sooner or later... accidents happen.
Media:vo bennett saferoom rest 03.ogg Bennett: It's not me I'm worried about. But if I'm gonna keep on adventuring with you, we gotta make sure everybody else is safe.
Chevreuse[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo chevreuse saferoom challenge 01.ogg Chevreuse: Proceed with caution, assess the situation, fire on command, and shoot to kill. Clear rules and a battle plan are essential to any military operation.
Media:vo chevreuse saferoom challenge 02.ogg Chevreuse: Sticking to these rules while we're exploring this domain will guard us against a lot of preventable accidents.
Media:vo chevreuse saferoom challenge 03.ogg Chevreuse: ...But of course, if things escalate out of control, I will act as the last line of defense to secure you enough time to make a decision on how to proceed.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo chevreuse saferoom others 01.ogg Chevreuse: I know all these books are meant for children, but some of the stories are actually quite good.
Media:vo chevreuse saferoom others 02.ogg Chevreuse: Here, for example. This one's the story of two parrots that sue each other. Each accuses the other of stealing a poem that they both claim to have written that morning.
Media:vo chevreuse saferoom others 03.ogg Chevreuse: But since they only know how to imitate speech, the judge has no way of knowing who actually wrote the poem first... Such a fun story. Any chance I can borrow it?
Resting[]
Media:vo chevreuse saferoom rest 01.ogg Chevreuse: We're gonna rest and regroup? Good. A wise decision.
Media:vo chevreuse saferoom rest 02.ogg Chevreuse: There's no telling what awaits us next. It's crucial that we take every opportunity to recover our strength.
Media:vo chevreuse saferoom rest 03.ogg Chevreuse: You should go hydrate — I'll handle the weapon maintenance. Once I'm done, they'll be good as new.
Clorinde[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo clorinde saferoom challenge 01.ogg Clorinde: People often believe me to be highly focused on securing victories — I am a Champion Duelist, after all.
Media:vo clorinde saferoom challenge 02.ogg Clorinde: The truth, however, is just the opposite. It is the spirit of the challenger that I value above all else. If someone is willing to face me head-on, they have my respect, no matter who secures the title of victor in the end.
Media:vo clorinde saferoom challenge 03.ogg Clorinde: Strength is something that can be gained through experience. Courage, however, comes from within.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo clorinde saferoom others 01.ogg Clorinde: I think I'll read a little before the next battle begins.
Media:vo clorinde saferoom others 02.ogg Clorinde: Please refrain from recommending something like a newspaper. I recognize that short-form articles may be a fitting choice considering the limited amount of time at our disposal...
Media:vo clorinde saferoom others 03.ogg Clorinde: But they're simply not to my taste.
Resting[]
Media:vo clorinde saferoom rest 01.ogg Clorinde: I rarely encounter opportunities to rest mid-journey. During battle, slowing down is even more out of the question.
Media:vo clorinde saferoom rest 02.ogg Clorinde: However, given that this is not a solo operation, I will go along with what you think is best.
Media:vo clorinde saferoom rest 03.ogg Clorinde: In any case, this is an acceptable place for a brief period of respite.
Cyno[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo cyno saferoom challenge 01.ogg Cyno: As the General Mahamatra, I have to display the might of the Akademiya. Whatever enemy we face, I will give it my all.
Media:vo cyno saferoom challenge 02.ogg Cyno: In battle, as with delivering judgement, the righteous must prevail. And so we must approach every battle with great caution.
Media:vo cyno saferoom challenge 03.ogg Cyno: I am armed with the determination to uphold the rules. There is no battle I cannot win.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo cyno saferoom others 01.ogg Cyno: I've always thought of books as one of the great inventions.
Media:vo cyno saferoom others 02.ogg Cyno: Once a law is written down and compiled into a legal codex, it no longer exists only in the words spoken by the lawmaker. It has its own independent existence. Only then does the ability to exercise true judgement arise.
Media:vo cyno saferoom others 03.ogg Cyno: Because all people must be judged equally. Even the lawmakers themselves.
Resting[]
Media:vo cyno saferoom rest 01.ogg Cyno: There are a lot of story books here. But make sure to return them to the shelves after you've finished reading them. And whatever you do, never leave a book on top of a dinner plate.
Media:vo cyno saferoom rest 02.ogg Cyno: Hmm? Why, you ask?
Media:vo cyno saferoom rest 03.ogg Cyno: Well, for the simple reason that... it just won't go down well.
Dehya[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo dehya saferoom challenge 01.ogg Dehya: That rabble we fought sure picked the wrong crew to mess with. I'd say they won't make that mistake again... but we already made sure of that.
Media:vo dehya saferoom challenge 02.ogg Dehya: With my skills and experience on your team, they don't stand a chance, no matter what they throw at us.
Media:vo dehya saferoom challenge 03.ogg Dehya: I don't have eyes on the back of my head, though, so just make sure you've got my back.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo dehya saferoom others 01.ogg Dehya: So many books... Let's see here... Hah! Get a load of this one!
Media:vo dehya saferoom others 02.ogg Dehya: This story's about a mercenary whose only skill is that he's an exceptional liar. He goes and gets himself hired by three different employers, all of which are mutual enemies...
Media:vo dehya saferoom others 03.ogg Dehya: And so, he's forced to spin ever more ludicrous lies to keep himself alive and keep the Mora rolling in... Hahaha, you know what? I'll read on — this looks pretty fun.
Resting[]
Media:vo dehya saferoom rest 01.ogg Dehya: You go ahead and get some rest — I wanna survey this area first. We need to get some sort of security system in place, just in case of a surprise attack...
Media:vo dehya saferoom rest 02.ogg Dehya: Oh yeah — I'm guessing you've got all your essential supplies on you? If you're going to put them down, make sure it's somewhere everyone can see them.
Media:vo dehya saferoom rest 03.ogg Dehya: Oh, you want to come with me? Sure, that'll save us some time. Alright, come with me, and stick close.
Diluc[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo diluc saferoom challenge 01.ogg Diluc: How are you coping with the battles so far?
Media:vo diluc saferoom challenge 02.ogg Diluc: I can't always check how you're faring in the middle of a fight. Hopefully you're not pushing yourself too hard.
Media:vo diluc saferoom challenge 03.ogg Diluc: If any of our foes give you a hard time, send them my way.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo diluc saferoom others 01.ogg Diluc: I had a phase once where I did exactly what you're doing now. Constantly exploring dangerous domains and confronting powerful enemies.
Media:vo diluc saferoom others 02.ogg Diluc: But what drove me to do it wasn't any of the rules from the Knights of Favonius Handbook. It was my personal convictions.
Media:vo diluc saferoom others 03.ogg Diluc: Conviction helps you rise above your wounds and fatigue, and guides you forward into the light of dawn.
Resting[]
Media:vo diluc saferoom rest 01.ogg Diluc: Sometimes, a throwaway comment in a conversation outside of the battle can be the decisive factor in who wins and who loses.
Media:vo diluc saferoom rest 02.ogg Diluc: So even in the downtime between battles, I intend to stay alert and ready.
Media:vo diluc saferoom rest 03.ogg Diluc: Leave the intelligence gathering to me. You should rest.
Dori[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo dori saferoom challenge 01.ogg Dori: What's that, you say? I could have sworn I just heard you invite me to go monster-fighting in this domain with you... Strange, I slept perfectly well last night. Why am I having auditory hallucinations?
Media:vo dori saferoom challenge 02.ogg Dori: Dori Sangemah Bay is just a straightforward businesswoman. So let me put it to you this way: Why would any businessperson take such a huge gamble on their own life unless there was, oh I dunno... a few dozen million Mora to be made?
Media:vo dori saferoom challenge 03.ogg Dori: Here's my counter-offer: A custom-made Domain-Delver's Survival Kit, just for you! Great value for your Mora, and available at a discounted price for a limited time only!
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo dori saferoom others 01.ogg Dori: If there really was such a thing as a miracle potion that could cure all disease, I'm sure it would be auctioned off and sold for an astronomical price.
Media:vo dori saferoom others 02.ogg Dori: But in this fairytale, the fairy gives her magic potion to the prince for free. She has no business sense at all.
Media:vo dori saferoom others 03.ogg Dori: *sigh* If you want my opinion... Praying to a fairy isn't the answer. Better to go out and make some Mora.
Resting[]
Media:vo dori saferoom rest 01.ogg Dori: Let me guess what you need most right now... A medicinal drink that can restore your full strength in one sip? Or maybe a cream that can instantly heal your wounds?
Media:vo dori saferoom rest 02.ogg Dori: How'd I do? All this and more available right here, right now. Buy in bulk for big discounts.
Media:vo dori saferoom rest 03.ogg Dori: Don't let the price put you off. You're paying for all the hard work I and my private associates put in to bring these goods all the way from Sumeru.
Faruzan[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo faruzan saferoom challenge 01.ogg Faruzan: This is a nice little challenge, isn't it? Getting out into the world with your friends, exploring all its nooks and crannies... It's exactly the sort of thing you should be doing when you're young.
Media:vo faruzan saferoom challenge 02.ogg Faruzan: Back when I fell into those strange ruins, I didn't have a single other person to talk to. I had only myself to rely on... Now that was a true challenge, let me tell you.
Media:vo faruzan saferoom challenge 03.ogg Faruzan: *sigh* That said, I wouldn't recommend that experience to anyone...
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo faruzan saferoom others 01.ogg Faruzan: I know that many of the younger generation see me as a sort of legendary figure. Why, my stories and my accomplishments can even be found in Kshahrewar textbooks.
Media:vo faruzan saferoom others 02.ogg Faruzan: But it does seem that people aren't quite used to having a legend living among them. No one takes my courses, or pays attention to my research... Even securing research funding can be a struggle...
Media:vo faruzan saferoom others 03.ogg Faruzan: If I was lucky enough to have one of my predecessors here in the flesh, I'd be waiting on her hand and foot! Serving her tea, massaging her shoulders, asking her all sorts of questions... *sigh* What happened to this generation? Where is their inquisitiveness, where is their respect?
Resting[]
Media:vo faruzan saferoom rest 01.ogg Faruzan: You youngsters need to make sure you're getting enough exercise. You don't want to be huffing and puffing while your elders are still going strong! Why, this is a walk in the park compared to the field studies that Haravatat used to send us out on...
Media:vo faruzan saferoom rest 02.ogg Faruzan: *sigh* Never mind. No point in dredging up the past... Go on then, I suppose you ought to rest if you really are tired.
Media:vo faruzan saferoom rest 03.ogg Faruzan: I've seen too many junior scholars ruin their health for the sake of their academic pursuits. Tsk tsk... Let that be a cautionary tale. Those who fail to heed the advice of their elders do so at their own peril!
Fischl[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo fischl saferoom challenge 01.ogg Fischl: Hm, those who lurk within this place are but lowly pawns, the last remnants of the usurper's army.
Media:vo fischl saferoom challenge 02.ogg Fischl: By the time the Prinzessin der Verurteilung stands before them, my Bolts of Downfall will have long since severed their ties with the forces of fate.
Media:vo fischl saferoom challenge 03.ogg Fischl: My subjects will surely sing their songs of praise. But to the Prinzessin, this is but one more triumph to add to the annals.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo fischl saferoom others 01.ogg Fischl: Huh!? This is supposed to be out of print! I've been looking for this for aaages... I can't believe it! I wonder what else there is around here that I've been missing...
Media:vo fischl saferoom others 02.ogg Fischl: Ahem! I—I mean... The scrolls of destiny that anchor this realm in time and space make for a rather interesting read.
Media:vo fischl saferoom others 03.ogg Fischl: Oz, lend me thy beak and lift the veil of darkness. By the power of my Auge der Verurteilung, the tears and suffering described herein shall be etched in my memory. And so shall I bestow upon them my blessing!
Resting[]
Media:vo fischl saferoom rest 01.ogg Fischl: Traveler from another world, you have the Prinzessin's permission to enjoy a brief moment of peace.
Media:vo fischl saferoom rest 02.ogg Fischl: But be ready, for once I have peered into this dark dominion and beheld the treachery within, I shall rain down Thundering Retribution upon this place...
Media:vo fischl saferoom rest 03.ogg Fischl: And when the curtain of doom falls, thou shalt give it thy full, undivided attention!
Gaming[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo gaming saferoom challenge 01.ogg Gaming: This place is no joke, man! Those are some hardcore fighters out there!
Media:vo gaming saferoom challenge 02.ogg Gaming: But I know you got this. Sure, they might get a lucky shot in here or there, but it's only ever a matter of time before you're wiping the floor with 'em.
Media:vo gaming saferoom challenge 03.ogg Gaming: Hey, how 'bout you go easy on them next round? It'll gimme a chance to use my kung fu on them.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo gaming saferoom others 01.ogg Gaming: Okay, you're gonna laugh at me for this, but whatever. Every time I open a book, I doze off in under ten minutes, without fail...
Media:vo gaming saferoom others 02.ogg Gaming: But Wushou dancing, on the other hand... I can happily practice away all night long, and still be bouncing off the walls in the morning as I get ready to head out for dim sum...
Media:vo gaming saferoom others 03.ogg Gaming: Wait... what if... I were to read a book while performing a Wushou dance? Hohoho, sounds like a plan, right?
Resting[]
Media:vo gaming saferoom rest 01.ogg Gaming: I always make sure to eat a proper meal and get a good night's sleep before an escort job. You gotta make sure you're in top condition for when you hit the road.
Media:vo gaming saferoom rest 02.ogg Gaming: Even Man Chai knows that! He always eats a little extra before we set off.
Media:vo gaming saferoom rest 03.ogg Gaming: So, y'know, there's no rush. Let's slow down, drink some tea, then take it from there.
Hu Tao[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo hutao saferoom challenge 01.ogg Hu Tao: The look on your face tells me you're ready to head deeper into the domain. Next stop, the belly of the beast, huh?
Media:vo hutao saferoom challenge 02.ogg Hu Tao: Never fear, for Director Hu Tao is here, ready to face whatever comes at us, from the ordinary, to the abnormal, to the paranormal!
Media:vo hutao saferoom challenge 03.ogg Hu Tao: So, without further ado — shall we? Let's not keep the monsters waiting.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo hutao saferoom others 01.ogg Hu Tao: Once I was old enough, I started reading popular novels. Some of them would end by having the dead come back to life and living happily ever after.
Media:vo hutao saferoom others 02.ogg Hu Tao: Tut-tut-tut... I know it's only make-believe, but still, it always ruined the story for me. If death isn't final, there are no stakes, so it kinda makes everything that happened up to that point meaningless.
Media:vo hutao saferoom others 03.ogg Hu Tao: "To everything there is a season: A time to be born, a time to die." That is the truth. You can't have a satisfactory ending if death isn't final.
Resting[]
Media:vo hutao saferoom rest 01.ogg Hu Tao: We're not in any hurry to get going, are we? Let's chill here for a bit.
Media:vo hutao saferoom rest 02.ogg Hu Tao: "When the cat's away, the mice will play." And so they should — 'cause it's only a matter of time before the cat gets back and gobbles all the mice up.
Media:vo hutao saferoom rest 03.ogg Hu Tao: So like I said — no need to hurry. The mice will be there for us when we're ready.
Jean[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo qin saferoom challenge 01.ogg Jean: Hm. You look troubled, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler). Are you worried about the enemies we will soon face?
Media:vo qin saferoom challenge 02.ogg Jean: I see... Sorry, I should have noticed sooner. You asked me to join your team — it is only right that I share this burden with you.
Media:vo qin saferoom challenge 03.ogg Jean: The Dandelion Knight's sword is at your command. Let us proceed.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo qin saferoom others 01.ogg Jean: I wonder if that novel I read once is available to borrow here...
Media:vo qin saferoom others 02.ogg Jean: Not that I was especially fond of it. I just didn't finish reading it, so I've always wondered what happens after where I left off...
Media:vo qin saferoom others 03.ogg Jean: I really hope it has a happy ending.
Resting[]
Media:vo qin saferoom rest 01.ogg Jean: I am considering whether to fetch my outstanding paperwork, so that I can look through it during our downtime...
Media:vo qin saferoom rest 02.ogg Jean: Overkill? Hmm... Maybe you're right.
Media:vo qin saferoom rest 03.ogg Jean: In that case, I'll brew some coffee. I'll make one for you, too.
Kaedehara Kazuha[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo kazuha saferoom challenge 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: There are many reasons why a samurai might draw their blade, but the principle is always the same: To do what they know in their heart is right.
Media:vo kazuha saferoom challenge 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Though we walk a perilous path, where powerful foes face us at every turn, and though I cannot sense what lies at its end, I tread onwards with no fear in my heart.
Media:vo kazuha saferoom challenge 03.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: My mind is at ease, for I tread this path in your company.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo kazuha saferoom others 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: During my days as a wanderer, if I came upon a beautiful view and was feeling in a poetic mood, I'd stop to compose a few lines.
Media:vo kazuha saferoom others 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I once thought about writing an anthology of my poems and leaving it on a shelf, so I could share with others the way I felt when my eyes first met those wonderful sights.
Media:vo kazuha saferoom others 03.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: But when I looked back at the drivel I'd written, I gave up on the idea. I'm sure other travelers will get that same sense of peace from the natural world as I did, if it's meant to be.
Resting[]
Media:vo kazuha saferoom rest 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I don't believe anyone enjoys taking up arms and going to war unless they're seeking to fulfil some other desire.
Media:vo kazuha saferoom rest 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Whenever the sound of clashing blades fades into the distance, I appreciate the silence that follows all the more.
Media:vo kazuha saferoom rest 03.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Too quiet for you? Then I'll play a tune on the leaf, so you can be surrounded with the sound of nature.
Keqing[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo keqing saferoom challenge 01.ogg Keqing: Our foes grow in strength, but that isn't entirely a bad thing.
Media:vo keqing saferoom challenge 02.ogg Keqing: You need constant challenges to keep your skills strong and your judgment sharp — otherwise, you lose your edge. There's no useful experienced to be gleaned from plateauing.
Media:vo keqing saferoom challenge 03.ogg Keqing: We've got each other's backs. So let's push ourselves today.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo keqing saferoom others 01.ogg Keqing: If we wish to forge a new future, we cannot expect to stick to the same path trod by our forebears.
Media:vo keqing saferoom others 02.ogg Keqing: And yet, many of the principles put forth in ancient writings are versatile in their application. So it is wise to be versed in the past as we consider the future.
Media:vo keqing saferoom others 03.ogg Keqing: These days, I tend to take a look at any relevant historical records whenever I have an important decision to make. I always find it helps me come up with some good ideas.
Resting[]
Media:vo keqing saferoom rest 01.ogg Keqing: I used to believe that once I'd made up my mind to do something, I should act immediately and complete the work in the shortest timeframe possible.
Media:vo keqing saferoom rest 02.ogg Keqing: But I found that my assistants rarely lasted more than 3 months on the job, and the constant turnover took a toll on our operational efficiency.
Media:vo keqing saferoom rest 03.ogg Keqing: Eventually, of course, I came to realize that getting adequate rest actually improves productivity in the long term.
Klee[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo klee saferoom challenge 01.ogg Klee: How big do the monsters here get? Maybe... even bigger than the highest tree in the Whispering Woods?
Media:vo klee saferoom challenge 02.ogg Klee: Anyway, there's no need to worry! I've made an even bigger bomb!
Media:vo klee saferoom challenge 03a.ogg Media:vo klee saferoom challenge 03b.ogg Klee: Da-da-da~ Klee to the rescue, clearing the way for (‍Mr. Honorary KnightMr. Honorary KnightText for male Traveler/Miss Honorary KnightMiss Honorary KnightText for female Traveler‍)!
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo klee saferoom others 01a.ogg Media:vo klee saferoom others 01b.ogg Klee: (‍Mr. Honorary KnightMr. Honorary KnightText for male Traveler/Miss Honorary KnightMiss Honorary KnightText for female Traveler‍)! Guess what I found? Loads of stories that Mommy used to read to me!
Media:vo klee saferoom others 02.ogg Klee: Whenever I shouted out, "Nooo, we can't let that happen!" Mommy would give me a pen and paper and let me finish the rest of the story myself.
Media:vo klee saferoom others 03.ogg Klee: By climbing through the window, or popping out from a nearby bush, or coming down from a tree... I always found a way to bring Dodoco into the story!
Resting[]
Media:vo klee saferoom rest 01.ogg Klee: Kaeya once told me that if I spend too much time playing in one day without resting, I'll be too tired to play the next day, and I'll miss out on all the fun.
Media:vo klee saferoom rest 02.ogg Klee: So I decided: When the sun gets up, I'll get up, and when the sun goes to bed, I'll go to bed. That way, I'll always be full of energy!
Media:vo klee saferoom rest 03a.ogg Media:vo klee saferoom rest 03b.ogg Klee: You should do what Kaeya says too, (‍Mr. Honorary KnightMr. Honorary KnightText for male Traveler/Miss Honorary KnightMiss Honorary KnightText for female Traveler‍)!
Kujou Sara[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo kujousara saferoom challenge 01.ogg Kujou Sara: As a general, I must never break under pressure. I must remain calm and composed at all times, and respond diligently to the changing situation on the battlefield, adjusting my strategy and cautiously redeploying my troops as necessary.
Media:vo kujousara saferoom challenge 02.ogg Kujou Sara: As long as everyone works together towards victory, victory is possible even in the most difficult of battles.
Media:vo kujousara saferoom challenge 03.ogg Kujou Sara: Today, the task of planning the operation falls to you. You may use my experience as a reference if you find it useful.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo kujousara saferoom others 01.ogg Kujou Sara: I wonder if the Almighty Shogun would enjoy the books here...
Media:vo kujousara saferoom others 02.ogg Kujou Sara: It's common courtesy to return from one's travels bearing gifts for one's acquaintances, so I'm sure the Almighty Shogun will not refuse my offering. In which case, perhaps I shall purchase five books in my own name to take back with me...
Media:vo kujousara saferoom others 03.ogg Kujou Sara: But of course, all this depends on whether the management of this place is amenable to my request to buy the books.
Resting[]
Media:vo kujousara saferoom rest 01.ogg Kujou Sara: To me, battle signifies a duty and responsibility that cannot be shirked.
Media:vo kujousara saferoom rest 02.ogg Kujou Sara: But I do cherish the times when there is a brief lull in the fighting. I use this time to hone my skills through training.
Media:vo kujousara saferoom rest 03.ogg Kujou Sara: Right now, I intend to engage in a kind of training known as "rest and recovery," which consists of five sets of deep breaths.
Kuki Shinobu[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo shinobu saferoom challenge 01.ogg Kuki Shinobu: You can leave the trickier opponents to me.
Media:vo shinobu saferoom challenge 02.ogg Kuki Shinobu: You did invite me here, after all, so I'll do my part for the cause, no problem.
Media:vo shinobu saferoom challenge 03.ogg Kuki Shinobu: As for what part that'll be exactly, arrange that however you wish. I can handle it.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo shinobu saferoom others 01.ogg Kuki Shinobu: I do hope I'll get to read a story about a rebellious princess. You know, the type who sheds her long, cumbersome skirts, and learns equestrianism, swordplay... perhaps even medicine.
Media:vo shinobu saferoom others 02.ogg Kuki Shinobu: She'll live freely, take to the field to defeat evil personally, and defend the people and nation by her own hand...
Media:vo shinobu saferoom others 03.ogg Kuki Shinobu: ...Hmm. You know what? I might just write that story myself.
Resting[]
Media:vo shinobu saferoom rest 01.ogg Kuki Shinobu: Don't be too weirded out if you see me with my mask off while we rest. I'm just getting some fresh air.
Media:vo shinobu saferoom rest 02.ogg Kuki Shinobu: This place is way too idle, it gets to you after a while... Got to take some deep breaths.
Media:vo shinobu saferoom rest 03.ogg Kuki Shinobu: Not that I'm rushing you, of course. I'll wait until you've made your preparations in full.
Lisa[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo lisa saferoom challenge 01.ogg Lisa: Hey, cutie. Heading back in? You know, the further in we go, the tougher the monsters are going to get...
Media:vo lisa saferoom challenge 02.ogg Lisa: But you've got nothing to worry about. I know every monster's weak spot like the back of my hand — I've read everything there is to know on the topic.
Media:vo lisa saferoom challenge 03.ogg Lisa: So if you need someone to teach them a lesson, just let me know.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo lisa saferoom others 01.ogg Lisa: When knowledge is condensed into written form, it is always limited by the writer's perspective and interests.
Media:vo lisa saferoom others 02.ogg Lisa: So if we want to learn the truth of this mysterious domain, we'll just have to explore it for ourselves.
Media:vo lisa saferoom others 03.ogg Lisa: But then again, I'm lucky that I get to do the exploring together with my cutie.
Resting[]
Media:vo lisa saferoom rest 01.ogg Lisa: Ah, it's a rare treat to have a little time to laze around, and not have to think about all the fighting and killing.
Media:vo lisa saferoom rest 02.ogg Lisa: Still, even lazing around isn't much fun on your own.
Media:vo lisa saferoom rest 03.ogg Lisa: Do you wanna keep me company for a bit, cutie? I can read you a story if you'd like.
Lynette[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo lynette saferoom challenge 01.ogg Lynette: Looks like delving into this domain is gonna be challenging.
Media:vo lynette saferoom challenge 02.ogg Lynette: As a magician's assistant, what I'm good at is executing a specific plan. And trying not to make any mistakes in the process.
Media:vo lynette saferoom challenge 03.ogg Lynette: So, do you have a plan in place for showtime, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)?
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo lynette saferoom others 01.ogg Lynette: It seems like stories are highly valued here, right?
Media:vo lynette saferoom others 02.ogg Lynette: From what I remember, most stories are just a bunch of lies made up by adults.
Media:vo lynette saferoom others 03.ogg Lynette: I still made sure to listen along all beady-eyed when someone was telling a story, though. Apparently, kids who are too smart get on people's nerves.
Resting[]
Media:vo lynette saferoom rest 01.ogg Lynette: A short break with a cup of tea is the best way to wash away all your fatigue.
Media:vo lynette saferoom rest 02.ogg Lynette: My teacup is hidden just behind this card.
Media:vo lynette saferoom rest 03.ogg Lynette: You're staring... Are you trying to say you want some tea, too?
Lyney[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo lyney saferoom challenge 01.ogg Lyney: The battles ahead are not gonna be easy. Look me in the eyes, and answer me this: Are you worried?
Media:vo lyney saferoom challenge 02.ogg Lyney: Well... If magic is all about achieving the impossible, right before people's very eyes... Don't you think the best magician in the land might stand a chance of pulling that off even outside of a magic show?
Media:vo lyney saferoom challenge 03.ogg Lyney: What do you say? Are you ready to team up with the Great Magician Lyney, and see if we can't perform some miracles out there?
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo lyney saferoom others 01.ogg Lyney: I'm sure Freminet would love this book collection. He's someone who really sees the truth in fairytales, and believes in the world of childhood wonder they're set in.
Media:vo lyney saferoom others 02.ogg Lyney: I do understand the way he thinks, but...
Media:vo lyney saferoom others 03.ogg Lyney: ...The fairytale of childhood is nothing but a distant memory to me now.
Resting[]
Media:vo lyney saferoom rest 01.ogg Lyney: Two questions: Have you got a moment? And if so, would you like to see a magic trick?
Media:vo lyney saferoom rest 02.ogg Lyney: Consider it... a rehearsal. Or simply a little light entertainment to lift the mood.
Media:vo lyney saferoom rest 03.ogg Lyney: Which deck of cards shall I go with.... Ah yes, this one suits the occasion!
Raiden Shogun[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo raidenei saferoom challenge 01.ogg Ei: I know you are a formidable warrior. But we must not underestimate the monsters in this domain. They seem to come in endless waves.
Media:vo raidenei saferoom challenge 02.ogg Ei: Nor should you be afraid. I am here to answer your call, and I will stay by your side until every mystery here has been uncovered.
Media:vo raidenei saferoom challenge 03.ogg Ei: With this blade, I shall slay any foe that comes our way.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo raidenei saferoom others 01.ogg Ei: Will you join me in a game of karuta? It is a fine way to spend leisure time. It will help us both relax, while keeping me sharp and focused.
Media:vo raidenei saferoom others 02.ogg Ei: The only thing is... It is customary for the winner to be awarded with confectionery, but I do not know whether it can be brought in here...
Media:vo raidenei saferoom others 03.ogg Ei: Hmm, in that case... We can celebrate the victor at the Sacred Sakura some other time. Now, are you ready to be humbled?
Resting[]
Media:vo raidenei saferoom rest 01.ogg Ei: It's not often that I have the chance to take a rest before the battle is truly over.
Media:vo raidenei saferoom rest 02.ogg Ei: I keep asking myself, "Can I really afford to take a rest yet?" And if there are still monsters that have not yet been vanquished, the answer is no — I cannot stop now.
Media:vo raidenei saferoom rest 03.ogg Ei: ...You'd like to join me in a moment of meditation? Oh, alright. Close your eyes. Now, join me in turning your gaze inward, to the deepest part of your being...
Razor[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo razor saferoom challenge 01.ogg Razor: Many enemies ahead, but, do not fear.
Media:vo razor saferoom challenge 02.ogg Razor: Razor protect friends.
Media:vo razor saferoom challenge 03.ogg Razor: Razor fight with lupical.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo razor saferoom others 01.ogg Razor: Teacher... tell me stories from books before.
Media:vo razor saferoom others 02.ogg Razor: Stories do not have smell.
Media:vo razor saferoom others 03.ogg Razor: Cannot guess the ending.
Resting[]
Media:vo razor saferoom rest 01.ogg Razor: Run for a long time... Tired.
Media:vo razor saferoom rest 02.ogg Razor: This place, safe. Good spot, to rest.
Media:vo razor saferoom rest 03.ogg Razor: Here, no meat. A pity...
Sayu[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo sayu saferoom challenge 01.ogg Sayu: The enemies are pretty tough, right? So you'd probably be better off taking some of your stronger friends...
Media:vo sayu saferoom challenge 02.ogg Sayu: Uhh... No, I'm not being lazy, it's just... my ninjutsu isn't really meant for fighting...
Media:vo sayu saferoom challenge 03.ogg Sayu: Lemme sleep a bit more, just until I get a little bit taller, and then I'm sure I can... Zzz...
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo sayu saferoom others 01.ogg Sayu: So quiet, and cozy... This is a really great place to catch up on sleep.
Media:vo sayu saferoom others 02.ogg Sayu: Oh, yeah — please don't tell Lady Guuji I'm here... If she finds out, I'm toast!
Media:vo sayu saferoom others 03.ogg Sayu: If there are no more battles today, can I chill out here a little longer?
Resting[]
Media:vo sayu saferoom rest 01.ogg Sayu: *snore*... *snore*...
Media:vo sayu saferoom rest 02.ogg Sayu: Hmm...? A mission?
Media:vo sayu saferoom rest 03.ogg Sayu: Gimme ten more minutes, just ten more... Zzz...
Sethos[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo sethos saferoom challenge 01.ogg Sethos: You know how merchants in a hurry sometimes dangle a little food in front of their Sumpter Beast's face, right? To get them to move faster?
Media:vo sethos saferoom challenge 02.ogg Sethos: I think people are the same way. Give them a little hope, and they can achieve a whole lot more. Take their hope away, and they never seem to succeed.
Media:vo sethos saferoom challenge 03.ogg Sethos: So, I'll explore this place with you to the end. Let's never stop hoping for victory.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo sethos saferoom others 01.ogg Sethos: Kay, I've brought water and some rations. Later on, we can build a fire and grill some meat.
Media:vo sethos saferoom others 02.ogg Sethos: Hmm? You think we should be safe enough here?
Media:vo sethos saferoom others 03.ogg Sethos: Haha, well yeah, I know! That's why I figured this would be a great place for a picnic. The battles are important, but we should take some time to relax first.
Resting[]
Media:vo sethos saferoom rest 01.ogg Sethos: We're free agents now, right? Great. Well, I think I'll stick around here for a bit, you wanna join me?
Media:vo sethos saferoom rest 02.ogg Sethos: Hmm... Actually, this is a pretty nice place. If I brought some of my people here, I'm sure the kids would enjoy playing hide-and-seek.
Media:vo sethos saferoom rest 03.ogg Sethos: ...There must be quite a story behind this place. It's so vast and mysterious.
Shikanoin Heizou[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo heizou saferoom challenge 01.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: The way I see it, the use of force to subdue one's foes should always be a last resort.
Media:vo heizou saferoom challenge 02.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: With enough careful planning and preparation, you can set things up so that by the time you have to confront your enemy, they fall to pieces in your hands. Saves a lot of time that way.
Media:vo heizou saferoom challenge 03.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Unfortunately, the tables are turned on us here. We're the challengers, and the one pulling the strings is hiding out of our reach.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo heizou saferoom others 01.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: The books here are really interesting. They're full of twists and turns that all but defy even my intuition.
Media:vo heizou saferoom others 02.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: I can't help but think this domain is a detective's mortal foe... Without a crime, there can be no deduction, and even the greatest storms simply rage on unchecked...
Media:vo heizou saferoom others 03.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: But then I remember that all this is to help you. And that's what makes this long grind worth it, right?
Resting[]
Media:vo heizou saferoom rest 01.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: My instincts say that this is a safe spot. Not the slightest whiff of lies or conspiracies.
Media:vo heizou saferoom rest 02.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Although to be honest, I wouldn't be averse to a little more atmosphere here — lightning flashing outside the windows, or a blizzard howling away... We could turn the lights off and tell some ghost stories.
Media:vo heizou saferoom rest 03.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Oh well, we don't always get what we want in life. So instead — pull up a chair, and let's get some rest.
Sigewinne[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo sigewinne saferoom challenge 01.ogg Sigewinne: Being in this domain is just as exciting as watching a Pankration match... And who's been a brave, heroic champion? Mmhmm! That's right, you have!
Media:vo sigewinne saferoom challenge 02.ogg Sigewinne: Anyway, do you mind if I come with you next time?
Media:vo sigewinne saferoom challenge 03.ogg Sigewinne: Not that I doubt your fighting ability, of course. It's just... It's so much more dangerous in there than I ever imagined.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo sigewinne saferoom others 01.ogg Sigewinne: I just read this line in a children's book: "Friendship takes sacrifice. Only through sacrifice can friendships be made."
Media:vo sigewinne saferoom others 02.ogg Sigewinne: I agree. And the same principle applies in other areas of life, too.
Media:vo sigewinne saferoom others 03.ogg Sigewinne: It definitely applies to healthcare. If you wanna get healthy, there are things that you just have to sacrifice.
Resting[]
Media:vo sigewinne saferoom rest 01.ogg Sigewinne: There doesn't appear to be a dedicated infirmary here... Well, you'll just have to rest here. Now, just relax...
Media:vo sigewinne saferoom rest 02.ogg Sigewinne: No serious wounds... Wonderful, you've been taking excellent care of yourself. Keep up the good work!
Media:vo sigewinne saferoom rest 03.ogg Sigewinne: Since you're all clear, all you need to do is replenish your energy levels. I brought some nutritious shakes — here, take one.
Sucrose[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo sucrose saferoom challenge 01.ogg Sucrose: What exactly lies in the deepest part of this domain? I actually have quite a few theories already...
Media:vo sucrose saferoom challenge 02.ogg Sucrose: But given all the monsters we keep finding, it looks like we have a tough road ahead before we can confirm the facts.
Media:vo sucrose saferoom challenge 03.ogg Sucrose: Still, it'll all be worth it as long as we find the answer in the end. At least... that's what I think.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo sucrose saferoom others 01.ogg Sucrose: I once read a story about a wonderful paradise. Later on in life, it was also books that got me interested in studying alchemy.
Media:vo sucrose saferoom others 02.ogg Sucrose: It's funny, but even now, that storybook about paradise and my alchemy textbooks are right next to each other on the bookshelf next to my bed...
Media:vo sucrose saferoom others 03.ogg Sucrose: One day, I hope to break down the barriers between those books by using bio-alchemy to create that paradise for real.
Resting[]
Media:vo sucrose saferoom rest 01.ogg Sucrose: I wonder whether this potion I made has any potential combat applications...
Media:vo sucrose saferoom rest 02.ogg Sucrose: Oh! Don't worry, I understand that this isn't an appropriate location to conduct those kinds of experiments... It's too risky, and might do more harm than good if something went wrong.
Media:vo sucrose saferoom rest 03.ogg Sucrose: It's just... hard to switch off and rest when all these hypotheses are swirling around in my brain... *sigh*
Thoma[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo thoma saferoom challenge 01.ogg Thoma: How're you feeling? Try not to worry too much about the next fight!
Media:vo thoma saferoom challenge 02.ogg Thoma: I've heard people say that having a good attitude actually benefits your health.
Media:vo thoma saferoom challenge 03.ogg Thoma: Even if spearmanship isn't my strong suit, I'll do my best to protect you in this battle!
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo thoma saferoom others 01.ogg Thoma: When I was little, my mother often read me bedtime stories. Back then, I thought the world was just like in those stories, and everyone led peaceful, happy lives.
Media:vo thoma saferoom others 02.ogg Thoma: It was only later that I realized the difficulties and struggles many people face in society. All I can do is try my best, and stay loyal to the people I care about.
Media:vo thoma saferoom others 03.ogg Thoma: Now that I think about it, even though the stories are fictional, they can still help children get a good night's sleep. To me, that's enough.
Resting[]
Media:vo thoma saferoom rest 01.ogg Thoma: Thanks for inviting me here, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)!
Media:vo thoma saferoom rest 02.ogg Thoma: If there's nothing too urgent that needs your attention, why not take a seat and relax for a bit? I'll make you some tea.
Media:vo thoma saferoom rest 03.ogg Thoma: Oh, don't mention it, it's nothing, really! I'd hate to see anyone who needs my care tiring themselves out too much.
Venti[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo venti saferoom challenge 01.ogg Venti: "When danger rose they overcame their foes, onward forging to the journey's end"...
Media:vo venti saferoom challenge 02.ogg Venti: My dear, courageous (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler), if you will allow this humble bard to join you on your journey, it would be my honor to compose an epic poem to remember your deeds.
Media:vo venti saferoom challenge 03.ogg Venti: I'm willing to bet a whole glass of Apple Cider that your story will be one for the ages!
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo venti saferoom others 01.ogg Venti: There's a lot of fascinating stories in these books.
Media:vo venti saferoom others 02.ogg Venti: Don't be put off by the dusty old pages. Give them a chance, and in the blink of an eye, these tales will waft into the air to the sound of the lyre, and blend into the sweetness of the breeze.
Media:vo venti saferoom others 03.ogg Venti: Pick a story you like! Let's try it out!
Resting[]
Media:vo venti saferoom rest 01.ogg Venti: So, a short rest before the big battle, huh? In that case, I think some light-hearted music is in order.
Media:vo venti saferoom rest 02.ogg Venti: Something easygoing enough to help everyone relax, but not to the point where it becomes too snoozeworthy.
Media:vo venti saferoom rest 03.ogg Venti: Take a seat wherever you like! Once you're comfortable, Der Frühling and I shall begin our serenade.
Wanderer[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo wanderer saferoom challenge 01.ogg (WandererWandererThe player's chosen name for the Wanderer): You call crushing ants a "challenge"?
Media:vo wanderer saferoom challenge 02.ogg (WandererWandererThe player's chosen name for the Wanderer): The novelty of these little scuffles quickly wore off for me — now it's just tedious. It amazes me that some people enjoy it so much.
Media:vo wanderer saferoom challenge 03.ogg (WandererWandererThe player's chosen name for the Wanderer): Keep up if you want my help. I don't want to be stuck here all day.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo wanderer saferoom others 01.ogg (WandererWandererThe player's chosen name for the Wanderer): No, I don't want to "chat."
Media:vo wanderer saferoom others 02.ogg (WandererWandererThe player's chosen name for the Wanderer): What are you making that face for? I thought you knew my deal by now.
Media:vo wanderer saferoom others 03.ogg (WandererWandererThe player's chosen name for the Wanderer): ...*sigh*. Fine. You can talk, and I'll sit over there and listen. Happy now?
Resting[]
Media:vo wanderer saferoom rest 01.ogg (WandererWandererThe player's chosen name for the Wanderer): You need a break already? Your travels sure have made you soft.
Media:vo wanderer saferoom rest 02.ogg (WandererWandererThe player's chosen name for the Wanderer): Can't we just go and get this over with? We're not fighting a trained army here. We'll run circles around those morons.
Media:vo wanderer saferoom rest 03.ogg (WandererWandererThe player's chosen name for the Wanderer): ...Alright, suit yourself. Just don't keep me waiting too long.
Wriothesley[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo wriothesley saferoom challenge 01.ogg Wriothesley: If experience is anything to go by, the further in we go, the tougher our enemies will get.
Media:vo wriothesley saferoom challenge 02.ogg Wriothesley: But even if they don't, getting all the way end isn't exactly gonna be a walk in the park.
Media:vo wriothesley saferoom challenge 03.ogg Wriothesley: Whichever way you cut it, we have to make sure we're fully prepared.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo wriothesley saferoom others 01.ogg Wriothesley: There are worse ways to kill time than fairytales.
Media:vo wriothesley saferoom others 02.ogg Wriothesley: The simple wording, the childlike wonder, the romanticism — it all makes for some nice easy reading that doesn't require any brainpower.
Media:vo wriothesley saferoom others 03.ogg Wriothesley: Well, until you start noticing some of the more uncomfortable parallels between fantasy and reality.
Resting[]
Media:vo wriothesley saferoom rest 01.ogg Wriothesley: After taking a look around here, I'm wondering whether to expand our library at the Fortress of Meropide.
Media:vo wriothesley saferoom rest 02.ogg Wriothesley: Hmm, then again, most of our collection consists of legal advice pamphlets and mechanics textbooks, which no one reads... So, maybe not.
Media:vo wriothesley saferoom rest 03.ogg Wriothesley: ...Novels? You're right, those would be more popular — that's also why you can never find them in the library. They disappear from the shelves instantly, never to be seen again...
Xiangling[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo xiangling saferoom challenge 01.ogg Xiangling: Are you tired? I know a trick that works great — imagine all the enemies you're facing as delicious ingredients!
Media:vo xiangling saferoom challenge 02.ogg Xiangling: With all that tender, delicious-smelling food nearby... Doesn't it just give you a big burst of energy?
Media:vo xiangling saferoom challenge 03.ogg Xiangling: Huh? Hard to imagine? Hmm, maybe it's just me, then...
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo xiangling saferoom others 01.ogg Xiangling: Only a handful of my more experimental dishes have made it onto the Wanmin Restaurant menu.
Media:vo xiangling saferoom others 02.ogg Xiangling: In most cases, it's because I think the texture isn't quite right, or the flavor needs a lot more work... But that doesn't mean I'm about to give up.
Media:vo xiangling saferoom others 03.ogg Xiangling: I know there are tasty dishes out there waiting to be discovered, and I'll find them sooner or later!
Resting[]
Media:vo xiangling saferoom rest 01.ogg Xiangling: I imagine you'll wanna keep fighting soon — do you want a bite to eat first? You know you love my cooking!
Media:vo xiangling saferoom rest 02.ogg Xiangling: You should never work on an empty stomach! More importantly, a proper meal will put you in a good mood, and you'll handle yourself better in a crisis.
Media:vo xiangling saferoom rest 03.ogg Xiangling: Here, some chopsticks for ya. Don't be shy now, dig in!
Xianyun[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo xianyun saferoom challenge 01.ogg Xianyun: The scoundrels who slink around in here are fools, all of them. To posture menacingly before mortals is one thing...
Media:vo xianyun saferoom challenge 02.ogg Xianyun: But to persist even after witnessing one's adeptus arts... It is sheer illiteracy in the face of manifestly legible writing on the wall.
Media:vo xianyun saferoom challenge 03.ogg Xianyun: Hmph! These dullards would be no match even for one's two disciples, let alone oneself.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo xianyun saferoom others 01.ogg Xianyun: When storytellers tell tales pertaining to oneself, they often resort to slapdash stitchwork derived from decrepit documents, garnished with a glut of aggrandizement.
Media:vo xianyun saferoom others 02.ogg Xianyun: Entertaining, to be sure. But do not believe everything you hear. Of course, if you wish to hear the truth, you need only ask me.
Media:vo xianyun saferoom others 03.ogg Xianyun: ...In fact, one is suddenly reminded of an old tale. It begins with a gathering of the adepti at Jueyun Karst...
Resting[]
Media:vo xianyun saferoom rest 01.ogg Xianyun: This domain is filled with mystery, but one fears that we shall miss much if we are too hasty to proceed. Perhaps we could pause for a moment...
Media:vo xianyun saferoom rest 02.ogg Xianyun: Hmm... There is little of interest in this area, and if we were to while away the time through conversation... Our throats would surely grow parched...
Media:vo xianyun saferoom rest 03.ogg Xianyun: Shall one fashion a Supreme Tea-Brewing Machine one of these days? That way, the fragrance of tea shall be ours to enjoy wherever we please... Yes, a capital idea indeed...
Xiao[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo xiao saferoom challenge 01.ogg Xiao: The air grows thick with the stench of evil...
Media:vo xiao saferoom challenge 02.ogg Xiao: I could handle the upcoming battles on my own, but I know you wouldn't agree to it.
Media:vo xiao saferoom challenge 03.ogg Xiao: So promise me at least that you will not let your guard down.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo xiao saferoom others 01.ogg Xiao: The legacy of the yakshas lives on in the historical records that tell our tales... Still, that brings no solace to me or my late comrades.
Media:vo xiao saferoom others 02.ogg Xiao: ...
Media:vo xiao saferoom others 03.ogg Xiao: But watching the Xiao Lanterns rise into the sky during the Lantern Rite... that is what brings me peace.
Resting[]
Media:vo xiao saferoom rest 01.ogg Xiao: Fighting monsters is nothing new to me.
Media:vo xiao saferoom rest 02.ogg Xiao: If anything... It is these brief periods of leisure between battles that I'm not accustomed to.
Media:vo xiao saferoom rest 03.ogg Xiao: No matter. If you need to rest, I will stay here with you until you are ready.
Xinyan[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo xinyan saferoom challenge 01.ogg Xinyan: Whenever I'm on stage, I always wanna push my music a little bit further, and make that one guitar riff even gnarlier!
Media:vo xinyan saferoom challenge 02.ogg Xinyan: A live gig is a different kind of beast than the ones we're facing here, that's for sure... But I ain't one to back down from a challenge.
Media:vo xinyan saferoom challenge 03.ogg Xinyan: When the crowd's waitin', you gotta get out there and face the music. Same applies here. So come on — time to do some shredding!
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo xinyan saferoom others 01.ogg Xinyan: If someone wrote me into a story, I don't think I'd be the little kiddos' favorite character.
Media:vo xinyan saferoom others 02.ogg Xinyan: People tend to judge others based on first impressions. And kids are too young to know any different, they just say whatever they're thinking... I'm well aware of that.
Media:vo xinyan saferoom others 03.ogg Xinyan: But that doesn't matter! Just you wait and see, I'll win 'em over with my music sooner or later!
Resting[]
Media:vo xinyan saferoom rest 01.ogg Xinyan: You sure don't look like you're rarin' to go anywhere. Wanna listen to my new song?
Media:vo xinyan saferoom rest 02.ogg Xinyan: Hmm... Although, this doesn't really seem like the right place for a rock 'n' roll concert...
Media:vo xinyan saferoom rest 03.ogg Xinyan: Let's talk about some of your adventuring highlights instead! They're pretty rock 'n' roll too!
Yae Miko[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo yaemiko saferoom challenge 01.ogg Yae Miko: Dear me, is it time to go off and fight again already? All this running around is getting quite exasperating...
Media:vo yaemiko saferoom challenge 02.ogg Yae Miko: I have half a mind to transform into a kitsune and hitch a ride on your shoulder... Hehehe, you'd like that, wouldn't you?
Media:vo yaemiko saferoom challenge 03.ogg Yae Miko: In your dreams. Oh, little one... you've still got a long way to go before Yae Miko, the wise and beautiful, permits you to see her true form.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo yaemiko saferoom others 01.ogg Yae Miko: Do you think we'd ever see Ei in the outside world again if there were this many stories to read in her Plane of Euthymia? ...I, for one, rather doubt it.
Media:vo yaemiko saferoom others 02.ogg Yae Miko: Hmm, I have an idea. Let's tell her that we know a wonderful little domain full of light novels and Tricolor Dango. It's high time she got out of Tenshukaku for a bit.
Media:vo yaemiko saferoom others 03.ogg Yae Miko: Ah yes, and Dango Milk too. ...Hmm? They don't have it here? Well, don't look at me, little one, that's your job. Sort it out. Where there's a will, there's a way.
Resting[]
Media:vo yaemiko saferoom rest 01.ogg Yae Miko: The novels here actually aren't all that bad. But a little fried tofu and a few drinks would make things better still...
Media:vo yaemiko saferoom rest 02.ogg Yae Miko: So, little one, do you think you could pull a few strings and get your hands on some for me? Without them... I don't think I'll be able to muster the energy to help you explore this domain...
Media:vo yaemiko saferoom rest 03.ogg Yae Miko: Hahaha, oh, the look on your face, so dumbfounded... I'm joking, can't you tell? Do you really believe the great Lady Guuji herself would be so fickle?
Yanfei[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo yanfei saferoom challenge 01.ogg Yanfei: If you think about it, you could define a "challenge" as a process that's difficult to get control over due to a lack of key information. Right?
Media:vo yanfei saferoom challenge 02.ogg Yanfei: Example: What foes are we likely to encounter when exploring this domain? How many hostile encounters are likely to occur? And what available countermeasures can we use?
Media:vo yanfei saferoom challenge 03.ogg Yanfei: Take the time to thoroughly consider all these questions. Then you'll find that reaching your goal is no longer a "challenge" at all.
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo yanfei saferoom others 01.ogg Yanfei: Do you think that the way fairytales end is just whimsical? Or do you think the writers put a lot of thought into it?
Media:vo yanfei saferoom others 02.ogg Yanfei: Because if you read them from the point of view of trying to identify what each character symbolically represents, you find a lot of very deep metaphors.
Media:vo yanfei saferoom others 03.ogg Yanfei: Still, in order to verify my hypothesis and see if it stands up to scrutiny, I need to do some historical and cultural research... Maybe I could borrow some of these materials here so I can do a deep-dive later.
Resting[]
Media:vo yanfei saferoom rest 01.ogg Yanfei: This place is so quiet! It's a perfect place to brush up on my legal research and organize my notes.
Media:vo yanfei saferoom rest 02.ogg Yanfei: Hey, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler), do you still remember those clauses I discussed with you once before?
Media:vo yanfei saferoom rest 03.ogg Yanfei: You've already forgotten? Well, you'll just have to recite them over and over until you know them by heart.
Yoimiya[]
Challenge[]
Media:vo yoimiya saferoom challenge 01.ogg Yoimiya: There are so many enemies here! If all of them were written into a youkai story, it'd be dark long before you finished just reading the names out!
Media:vo yoimiya saferoom challenge 02.ogg Yoimiya: But fear not! The Invincible Yoimiya is here to save you from the clutches of the evil youkai!
Media:vo yoimiya saferoom challenge 03.ogg Yoimiya: ...Haha, okay, that was a little embarrassing... But I sounded pretty cool, right?
Small-Talk[]
Media:vo yoimiya saferoom others 01.ogg Yoimiya: You sure don't need to worry about me getting bored here. I'm spoiled for choice with all these books! I hardly know where to start!
Media:vo yoimiya saferoom others 02.ogg Yoimiya: I want to memorize all the interesting parts, so I can go back and tell them to my friends!
Media:vo yoimiya saferoom others 03.ogg Yoimiya: Oh, right, that's another thing I meant to ask! Which of these books do you recommend? I want to know what kind of stories you're into!
Resting[]
Media:vo yoimiya saferoom rest 01.ogg Yoimiya: Want to get some shut-eye and rest for a bit? I'll keep you company!
Media:vo yoimiya saferoom rest 02.ogg Yoimiya: Or... If you're not sleepy, how about we chat for a bit? Maybe I could tell you a story!
Media:vo yoimiya saferoom rest 03.ogg Yoimiya: Oh, sorry! Am I talking too much? Hehe, I just get so excited when I'm in a new place — I wanna see everything there is to see. I've always got the energy to explore!
EventXtreme Carnival EnsembleTrillion Trinket TrawlA Meeting of MelodiesStoryGallery
Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness
Quest Type
Story (Event)
Event
Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness
Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness is an Event Chapter.
Requirements: Reach Adventure Rank 30 and complete Archon Quest Ritou Escape Plan in Chapter II: Act I - The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia.
Recommended Quests: Complete Arataki Itto's Story Quest Taurus Iracundus Chapter: Act I - Rise Up, Golden Soul and Raiden Shogun's Story Quest Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II - Transient Dreams.
Contents
1 Rock'n'Roll Tour
1.1 List of Acts
1.2 Summary
1.2.1 First Leg - This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...
1.2.2 ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!
2 Open-World NPCs and Interactables
2.1 Dvorak
2.2 Langqing
2.3 Tomoki
2.4 Yae Miko
2.5 Sign-in Board
2.6 Komore Teahouse Signboard
2.7 Strange Daruma
2.8 Letter With Elegant Handwriting
2.9 Shikanoin Heizou's Message
2.10 Puppy Union Admission Details
3 Character Appearances
3.1 Playable Characters
3.2 Other Notable Characters
3.3 Event Exclusive Non-Playable Characters
3.4 Regular Non-Playable Characters
4 Characters
5 Total Rewards
6 Soundtracks
7 Change History
Rock'n'Roll Tour[]
List of Acts[]
First Leg - This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...
Glorious Finale - ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!
Summary[]
First Leg - This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...[]
Main article: This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...
(to be added)
...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness![]
Main article: ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!
(to be added)
Open-World NPCs and Interactables[]
Dvorak[]
(Prior to completion of ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!)
(Talk to Dvorak after finishing First Leg)
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 01.ogg Dvorak: Hello! Would you like to practice some music?
 I'll have a go.
(During the first interaction)
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 02a 1.ogg Dvorak: Great. Before you get started, you'll want to calibrate your instrument — everyone's playing style is slightly different. Lemme help you with that.
(Opens calibration setting)
(Subsequent interaction)
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 04a 1.ogg Dvorak: Great! I've been looking forward to hearing you play.
(Opens Xtreme Carnival Ensemble event menu)
 I'd like to decorate the venue.
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 02b 1.ogg Dvorak: Oh, really? You've got the things from the list? Great, I'll take those. Thanks so much!
(Opens to-do list)
 Not right now. Maybe later.
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 04c 1.ogg Dvorak: No problem. I'll be here if you need me.
(After completion of ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!)
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 05.ogg Dvorak: Hey, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler). Thanks again for all of your help. Everything went perfectly! I think I'm gonna stay here for a while, and just enjoy the scenery.
 I'd like to try playing another song.
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 06a 1.ogg Dvorak: Sure, no problem. Be my guest.
 I'll be back later.
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 06b 1.ogg Dvorak: Sure thing. Like I said, I'll be here for a while, so you know where to find me.
Langqing[]
Langqing becomes available after completing "A Meeting of Melodies II - Evening Breeze Serenade" and decorating the venue.
(Prior to completion of ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!)
Langqing: Is that you, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)? Oh my! I've heard so much about you from Fangfang.
 You have me at a disadvantage, sir.
Langqing: Ah, right! I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Langqing. Fangfang is Wanwen Bookhouse's Jifang. She's my wife, you see. She was the one who told me about this event.
Langqing: I don't know much about rock 'n' roll, but Fangfang says that we should support the latest cultural trends, so here I am.
Langqing: I brought some free cultural products as well. They got snapped up in a heartbeat! Ah, if only I'd known, I'd have brought more.
Langqing: She also asked me to thank you for the invitation. Had she not been so busy, she would have come down here herself, I'm sure of it.
Langqing: I hope you'll enjoy yourself here too.
 See you.
Langqing: Indeed. See you around.
(After completion of ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!)
Langqing: Hey! That final performance was really something. Did you see it too, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)?
 I thought there was room for improvement.
Langqing: That it does, but that's normal. I mean, even books like "How Mora is Made" aren't universally acclaimed.
Langqing: Just pick the books you enjoy reading, and listen to your favorite music.
 I thought it went pretty well.
Langqing: I have to agree! I didn't think that rock 'n' roll of this kind existed, it's even different from the sort Fangfang and I heard in Fontaine. I'd love to collect some literature adjacent to the matter.
Langqing: Don't forget to drop by Wanwen Bookhouse more often if you've got the time.
 I think it's great.
Langqing: You like it that much? There's something I need to give you then, haha.
Langqing: I already gave out all the cultural souvenirs I brought before, and I feel bad for not holding one back for you... so it looks like this is my chance.
Langqing: That Fontainian musician — you know, the one that carries a guitar around — said it was alright for me to record the final version of his lyrics and sell them on as music merchandise.
Langqing: Here, please take it. It's nothing valuable, but if you like it you can keep it as a souvenir.
(Obtain  "I Got Reincarnated as an Onikabuto... And Flipped the World Upside Down")
 I think it's great.
Langqing: I can tell! If you didn't like it, you wouldn't have come back just to tell me again, haha!
Tomoki[]
Tomoki becomes available after completing "A Meeting of Melodies I - Twilight's Glow Nocturne" and decorating the venue.
Tomoki: (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)! This "Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness" you recommended really is awesome. I've been inspired!
Tomoki: Now have a taste of the food I made specifically for the event!
 What kind of creative cuisine is that?
Tomoki: Dango Milk that's been marinated in rock, and macerated in roll — Rock 'n' Roll Dango Milk! Here, have one on me.
 It's just regular Dango Milk, right?
Tomoki: I wouldn't go that far! At least, it might have been to begin with, but not after hearing all that rock 'n' roll that I made it listen to.
Tomoki: That's also why it now tastes like regular Dango Milk that's been lying around for a while.
Tomoki: But this way, some customers are even willing to pay double the price of regular Dango Milk just to get their hands on this stuff.
Tomoki: Must be the power of rock 'n' roll, eh? It's so mind-blowing that I can't even put it into words.
(Obtain  Rock 'n' Roll Dango Milk)
 One Dango Milk, please!
Tomoki: One Dango Milk, coming right up!
(Opens the Shop menu)
 Adventure Challenge
(Open Genius Invokation TCG match interface)
 See you around.
Tomoki: Have fun!
Yae Miko[]
On Day 4 only, Yae Miko becomes available near the stage.
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 01.ogg Yae Miko: There you are, little one. I knew I'd find you here.
 Oh, it's Miko.
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 02.ogg Yae Miko: ...That's all you have to say? After all this time apart? How devastating.
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 03.ogg Yae Miko: To think of all the times that I've sat down beneath the Sacred Sakura, praying for your wellbeing on your travels...
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 04.ogg Yae Miko: But I think I understand. Another wise and beautiful soul has stolen your heart, haven't they? I'm sure you cast aside the omamori I gave you long ago.
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 05.ogg Yae Miko: Alas, I am but another fleeting passerby on your journey... Oh, woe is me...
 I see you haven't lost your sense of humor.
 Nonsense, how could I ever forget the amazing Yae Miko!
Media:vo yyeq001 12 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: You can always count on Miko to tease (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler) relentlessly.
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 06a.ogg Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 06b.ogg Yae Miko: Well, it's not my fault that (‍heheText for male Traveler/shesheText for female Traveler‍)'s the most appealing little Fortune Slip in the world. If I didn't indulge my curiosity by taking a peek inside, goodness knows how I'd sleep at night.
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 07.ogg Yae Miko: Though I must say, another interesting Fortune Slip caught my attention recently. I believe you've heard of it too.
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 08.ogg Yae Miko: This "Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness"... Something to do with a dog, apparently.
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 09.ogg Yae Miko: My first thought was... I wonder if it could be the Boss of Komore Teahouse, Taroumaru.
Media:vo yyeq001 12 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: ...Taroumaru!? Yeah, he might actually have what it takes! Hmm, you think he was the one rescuing animals during the war?
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 10.ogg Yae Miko: Sounds likely, doesn't it? Boss of a teahouse by day, changes outfit after work, then runs to a warzone to save lives... And what a fascinating character it would make for a light novel.
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 11.ogg Yae Miko: But the question is... Do we think he was only saving animals?
 Are you saying you know something?
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 12.ogg Yae Miko: I'm just speculating, little one. You know how much I like to let my imagination run wild.
Media:vo yyeq001 12 yaemiko 13.ogg Yae Miko: I look forward to opening up this Fortune Slip. Who knows what might be written inside?
Sign-in Board[]
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": (A sign-in board identical in style to the ones in the city.)
 Shikanoin Heizou's Message
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": Itto, I've received your invitation letter. Everyone's happy for you.
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": We believe that you've got a good head for event planning. If you work a little harder, I'm sure you'll stop having to report to us all the time.
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": So please, take these Lavender Melons with compliments from the Police Station.
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": Oh, yes. Madam Kujou Sara also wishes us to pass this message along on her behalf: "The Tenryou Commission is watching you. Do not forget that."
 Message from "TCG Buddy Ayato" (Available starting on Day 2)
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": I was delighted to hear that you were holding another festival, Itto. As such, I have commissioned a set of audio equipment as a congratulatory gift.
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": Also, I have recently heard the children of Hanamizaka saying, "Ayato of the South, Itto of the North." Could you enlighten me as to what that means?
 Thoma's Message (Available starting on Day 2)
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": Hey, Itto, this is your second time organizing this sort of musical event, right? Haha, didn't think you'd move the stage to Watatsumi Island -- opposite Sangonomiya Shrine, no less. Very cool!
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": I asked our Clan Head, and it was agreed that we dispatch a team from Komore Teahouse to help liven up the atmosphere.
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": They'll provide tourists with free tea. What do you think? Pretty sweet, eh?
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": Don't worry about it, you're welcome. I'm happy as long as you are!
 Yoimiya's Message (Available starting on Day 3)
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": Ah, sorry, my bad! I actually received your letter quite a while ago, but choosing the fireworks proved kinda tricky, and I wasn't familiar with the route, so there were some delays.
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": That said, when I got here, I thought everything was going great! The atmosphere's electric, the scenery's beautiful... Ah, I'm going to have a good, long look around.
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": I hope the fireworks will fit in well with your gang's rock 'n' roll festival!
 Message from "Ramen Buddy" (Available starting on Day 4)
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": Well, well, Sir Arataki, I didn't think you'd remember little old me, your ramen buddy. I've since spent many nights considering how I might express my thanks.
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": See that standing sign over there? Yes, that's right, it's your beloved Ms. Hina. It was a last-minute decision, and I spent quite a hefty sum on this one.
"Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness": You wouldn't disappoint me by not placing it in the most conspicuous of locations, such that Ms. Hina might be put on full display to the people of Watatsumi Island in all her glory, would you?
 Leave
Komore Teahouse Signboard[]
Starting on Day 2, Komore Teahouse Signboard becomes available near the stage.
Komore Teahouse Signboard: Free tea breaks, courtesy of Komore Teahouse. Enjoy to your heart's content!
Komore Teahouse Signboard: Please do not touch the Daruma. It is not a staff member.
Strange Daruma[]
Starting on Day 2, a Strange Daruma becomes available near the stage.
Media:vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 01.ogg Strange Daruma: ...
 Pat Head
Media:vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02c 1.ogg Strange Daruma: ...
Media:vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02c 2.ogg Strange Daruma: ...Grow...
Media:vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02c 3.ogg Strange Daruma: ...Can't... grow... taller...
Media:vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02c 4.ogg Strange Daruma: ...
 Poke Face
Media:vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02b 1.ogg Strange Daruma: ...
Media:vo dialog yyeq001 sayu 02b 2.ogg Strange Daruma: ...Mmmm...
 Leave.
Letter With Elegant Handwriting[]
Starting on Day 2, a letter from Shikanoin Heizou on the table next to the sign-in board can be interacted with.
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: (This letter is elegantly written, and has been signed "Shikanoin Heizou.")
 Read the letter
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: I asked some Ritou residents, but none of them have heard of that which you call "ninken" on the battlefield.
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: The sheer lack of information quite surpassed my expectations. This is quite strange, even for information that has not yet spread widely.
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: I will continue searching for clues.
 Read the second letter (Available starting on Day 3)
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: I tried a different approach today, which unexpectedly yielded some relevant information.
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: During the war, the International Trade Association had an organization registered with it that specialized in pet treatment and trade known as the "Puppy Union."
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: Its symbol just happens to be a dog wearing a bamboo hat. Not that this proves anything alone, but I found two other suspicious things:
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: 1. After the war, the Puppy Union very quickly canceled its registration.
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: 2. The Puppy Union's event funding went through at least six layers of transfers, quite suspicious...
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: I will continue investigating.
 Read the third letter (Available starting on Day 4)
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: Well, well, wasn't this quite the day?
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: I tried to investigate the people who had dealings with this Puppy Union as much as I could, and I found two main, hidden sources of funding.
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: One is the Foreign Trade Association. In fact, the Union could be considered a subsidiary of the former.
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: You may not be aware of the particulars regarding said Union, but they are closely connected to Sangonomiya.
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: The second source is more interesting still. You'd never guess, but it's Komore Teahouse, and of course... the Yashiro Commission isn't far behind the curtain.
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: A fascinating turn of events, no? Sangonomiya and the Yashiro Commission... I wonder what your little secret is?
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: I have my guesses, but I'll need more evidence to prove it — details of deals regarding pets.
Letter With Elegant Handwriting: We should have records of such things at the Police Station. I'll get in touch with Yoriki Owada.
 Leave
Shikanoin Heizou's Message[]
Available post-quest:
Oh dear, my apologies!
I've received word from the Commission. There's a new case that requires my immediate attention.
As for that canine case you were concerned about, I've already got the evidence.
But Yoriki Owada kept warning me not to reveal anything to unrelated persons, so... sorry, but my lips are sealed!
Oh, but there's a but! It's really unfortunate, but I accidentally misplaced something again. You know, the details concerning new admissions to that "Puppy Union."
I believe it's nearby, so could you help me look for it?
If you find it, please double-check it to see if it's indeed the evidence, and then find a time to return it to me! Thank you so much!
Puppy Union Admission Details[]
Available post-quest:
...Pets admitted for care today...
Weasel Thief No. 11: Dalang, 6 y/o.
...Pets admitted for care today...
Weasel Thief No. 12: Chouji, 8 y/o.
...Pets admitted for care today...
Unagi No. 8: Cocquerel, 35 y/o.
...Pets admitted for care today...
General Crab No. 3: Koharu, 25 y/o.
...Pets admitted for care today...
Bake-Danuki No. 5: Kusumi, 60 y/o.
...Pets admitted for care today...
Unagi No. 9: Dvorak, 40 y/o.
Last month, all pets were successfully rescued and most were removed to Ritou. Some special cases were sent overseas via dedicated channels.
Character Appearances[]
Playable Characters[]
The following playable characters appear in this event in Event Story Quests, or in the open world. The prerequisite(s) shown in the prerequisite column need to be completed for characters to appear in the open world.
Name
First Leg
Glorious Finale
Open World
Open World Prerequisite
Arataki Itto
Gorou
Sayu
Available starting on Day 2 as the Strange Daruma
Kuki Shinobu
Raiden Shogun
Sangonomiya Kokomi
Shikanoin Heizou
Thoma
Yae Miko
Available only on Day 4
Yoimiya
Other Notable Characters[]
The following notable non-playable characters appear in this event in Event Story Quests, or in the open world.
Name
First Leg
Glorious Finale
Open World
Open World Prerequisite
Dvorak
Available after First Leg, and also serves as the NPC for Xtreme Carnival Ensemble
Event Exclusive Non-Playable Characters[]
The following non-playable characters only appear during this event in Event Story Quests, subevents, or in the open world.
Name
Quests
Open World
Notes
Langqing
Available after completing "A Meeting of Melodies II - Evening Breeze Serenade" and decorating the venue
Akira
Genta
Mamoru
✱ — Appears in cinematic only
Regular Non-Playable Characters[]
The following regular (not event-exclusive) non-playable characters appear in Event Story Quests, subevents, or in the open world.
Name
Quests
Open World
Notes
Aoi
Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
Charles
Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
Flora
Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
Jifang
Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
Linlang
Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
Marjorie
Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
Michiru
Tomoki
Available during and after completing "A Meeting of Melodies I - Twilight's Glow Nocturne" and decorating the venue
Tsuyuko
Xingxi
Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
Yukio
Appears during A Meeting of Melodies subevent
✱ — Appears in cinematic only
Characters[]
12 Characters appear in this Chapter:Arataki IttoDvorakEiGorouKuki ShinobuPaimonSangonomiya KokomiShikanoin HeizouThomaTravelerYae MikoYoimiya
Total Rewards[]
 160 Iridescence Tour Tickets 70 Primogem 100,000 Mora 10 Hero's Wit
Soundtracks[]
No.Soundtrack NameAlbumPlayed In18Narukami-BayashiIslands of the Lost and ForgottenProof of Guilt, Receiver of Friends From Afar: Part III, ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!Event Gameplay
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.6[Create New History]
This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...
Quest Type
Story (Event)
Event
Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness: First Leg
Requirements
Adventure Rank 30Archon Quest Ritou Escape Plan
Starting Location
Watatsumi Island, Inazuma
Previous Quest
Next Quest
N/A
...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!
								Rewards
								Characters
 30 80 50,000 5Unlocks the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness Event.
Arataki Itto, Dvorak, Kuki Shinobu, Paimon, Shikanoin Heizou, Traveler
This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour... is an Event Quest during the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness Event.
Contents
1 Steps
2 Dialogue
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Steps[]
View the invitation letter
Go to Watatsumi Island
Meet up with Itto
Go to the Jam Zone
View the venue
Dialogue[]
 Quest DescriptionYou've received an invitation from one Arataki Itto. Having been introduced by his enthusiastic letter, you set out on a trip to Watatsumi Island...
(Upon obtaining quest)
(Obtain  Invitation From the Arataki Gang)
(View the invitation)
Invitation From the Arataki Gang
Hahahahaha! Wanna guess who this is from?
—Bingo! It's me, amigo! That's right, your bestest bud who's been down here in Inazuma missing you! Hahahahaha!
I recently ran into a new Fontainian friend, and he said they've got a music festival called the "Iridescence Tour" over there! Now, yours truly instantly thought of that Drumalong Festival we had last time, and how we drummed it up on Amakane Island, singing and scarfing Roasted Lavender Melons! Aw yeah, now those are some great memories! You haven't forgotten either, right, compadre? (But yeah it'd be great if you could forget the part about the Tenryou Commission botching their jobs and arresting me, totally by mistake.)
So this time, I've decided to work with my new pal and host an even bigger, even badder, even wilder musical party, and it's gonna be called the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness! Whaddaya think? Doesn't the name alone just set your soul on fire?
So stop dragging your feet and get your tushy on over to Watatsumi Island, 'cuz the One and Oni has still got a lot to say.
Be there or be square!
If you're a no-show then there's no show!
Disclaimer: Of course I didn't have Shinobu transcribe this for me!
(He totally did)
Accept Invitation
(Approach the stage on Watatsumi Island)
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Wow, so this is the venue, huh? Not half bad.
(Approach Arataki Itto and Dvorak)
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 01.ogg Arataki Itto: Don't you worry, Jack-Attack! We'll find that dog, even if it's hiding in Tenshukaku.
(If the player has not met Arataki Itto yet, an introductory note appears on screen)Arataki Itto — Hanamizaka HeroicsMake way, people! Arataki Itto, head of Hanamizaka's Arataki Gang, rolling right up!Behold these awesome horns, the suave smile, and the rich, velvety voice! That's the leader of the Arataki Gang for you!Whether spinning tops, kendama, bug-fighting, or cards, all the kids' games...*cough* Well, either way, Arataki Itto knows 'em all! Yup, he knows it all!How's that? Cool, huh? So, wanna join the crew?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 01.ogg Dvorak: Itto... It's just a myth...
 What dog?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 02.ogg Arataki Itto: Whoa! Compadre! And Paimon!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 03.ogg Arataki Itto: You finally made it! Man, have I missed you guys! Hahahahaha!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 04.ogg Arataki Itto: Oh yeah — and this is Dvorak, a musician from Fontaine. Jack-Attack, you know these two, right?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Hey! Mr. Dvorak! It's you!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 02.ogg Dvorak: Hehe, ah, it's so wonderful to see you both again. I feel like that Lantern Rite was just yesterday. How've you been?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Pretty good! So how did you end up hanging around with Itto? Is he helping you with the Iridescence Tour now?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 05.ogg Arataki Itto: You'd better believe it, Mini Melon! But that's only half the story.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 06.ogg Arataki Itto: This is no ordinary Iridescence Tour. Me and Jack-Attack are teaming up to turn this into the "Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness"!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Rockin' for Life? What do you know about rock 'n' roll, Bull-Chucker?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 07.ogg Arataki Itto: Huh? What, you never heard of Bull-Chucker Rock before?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 08.ogg Arataki Itto: Moo moo moo... *stomp stomp stomp*
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 09.ogg Arataki Itto: Don't try and understand it, Mini Melon, it'll melt your mind! It's about lettin' loose! C'mon, give us some Lavender Melon Rock!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Okay, speak for yourself, mister... Sounds like you're the one whose mind is melting!
 Just to backtrack a little — what's this dog you were talking about?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 03.ogg Dvorak: Heh... Just a local legend I heard about. Apparently, there was a war between the islands of Narukami and Watatsumi not too long ago. Is that right?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 10.ogg Arataki Itto: Such a waste... When will people learn? Make rock 'n' roll, guys, not war.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 04.ogg Dvorak: A tragedy, to be sure. Countless animals were affected by the fallout. A raven, a bake-danuki, a weasel thief, and many more sustained injuries...
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Um... Fair point, the animals didn't deserve that. But, uh... And not to downplay it or anything but... Didn't even worse stuff happen than that?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 11.ogg Arataki Itto: In the eyes of a rocker, all living things are equally important.
 So did this dog get injured, too?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 05.ogg Dvorak: No, the story goes that this dog was something like a ninken. It would show up out of nowhere in the middle of a battle to rescue the injured animals and take them to safety.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 12.ogg Arataki Itto: Rockin' and rollin' to the rescue! A king among canines! There'll always be a place for him in the Arataki Gang.
 Where did you hear about this?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 06.ogg Dvorak: In Ritou. I was actually there while the war was going on.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 07.ogg Dvorak: It inspired me to write a song about it. I was even planning to host a music festival around the same theme, but unfortunately I couldn't convince my investors.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 13.ogg Arataki Itto: Oh, yeah, I heard all about that... They claimed that they had to cancel their plans because of an accident at sea. But that was just a lame excuse.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 08.ogg Dvorak: Yes, they weren't optimistic about the potential return on investment. Plus... I don't know, there seemed to be some other risks they were worried about.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: What kind of risks?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 09.ogg Dvorak: Good question... Risks only apparent to people with Mora to throw around, I suppose?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 14.ogg Arataki Itto: I agree. When people have too much Mora, they lose their rock 'n' roll spirit.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: They do, huh? So what do you mean by rock 'n' roll spirit, anyway?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 15.ogg Arataki Itto: Y'know! The spirit of, uh... You rock up, you rock out, roll the dice, and roll with the punches! That sorta stuff!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Huh... By that definition, aren't the investors the most rock 'n' roll people in this scenario?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 16.ogg Arataki Itto: Anyway, point is — those chumps are out, and Arataki Itto is in! I'm running the show from here on out.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: Yeah, right! How are YOU gonna fill in for the investors? Do you even have any Mora?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 10.ogg Dvorak: I have faith in Itto. He tells me that the Arataki Gang is a small but well-known and influential organization in this area, and has even been known to rub shoulders with the local authorities. Isn't that right?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: "Rub shoulders" is putting it mildly... More like, they're always locking horns...
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 17.ogg Arataki Itto: Hey! Don't look down your nose at the Arataki Gang! I got connections, alright? Even the Tri-Commission listens to what I have to say!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 12.ogg Paimon: Okay, Mr. Big Shot, whatever you say...
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 18.ogg Arataki Itto: You can doubt it all you want, Mini Melon, but it's the truth. You know that guy in the Yashiro Commission? Well, he and I are officially bros! That's right, I'm talking about Thoma, housekeeper extraordinaire!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 19.ogg Arataki Itto: And there's the general from the Tenryou Commission. Kujou Tengu. I mean, sure, we're always ribbing each other, but it comes from a place of deep mutual respect!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 13.ogg Paimon: Mutual? ...Yeah, Paimon's not so sure about that.
 So what about the Kanjou Commission?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 20.ogg Arataki Itto: Okay, fair, no first-name contacts there... But the Arataki Gang is a big contributor to their revenue stream! All those fines we pay...
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 11.ogg Dvorak: F—Fines!?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 21.ogg Arataki Itto: Huh? No! I meant, uh... taxes! Hehehe... Yeah...
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 22.ogg Arataki Itto: But that's not all! Let's not forget my contacts outside of the Tri-Commission! Amazing, talented people from all walks of life, like, uh... Ooh! Like the TCG legend, Ayato! Oh yeah, he's made quite a name for himself in the TCG circles.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 23.ogg Arataki Itto: In fact, they got a saying now: "Ayato of the South, Itto of the North." That's right, I'm the only serious competition he's got in all of Inazuma!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 14.ogg Paimon: Did you make that saying up!?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 24.ogg Arataki Itto: Then there's the fox lady, VIP customer of Yukio's ramen stall and fellow participant in the Ramen Masters Championship. I was her only worthy opponent.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 25.ogg Arataki Itto: Also, you know that lonely god in Tenshukaku? Well, guess what? Turns out it was her life-long wish to catch one of Arataki Itto's events!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 26.ogg Arataki Itto: During the Drumalong festival, the Tenryou Commission were worried that their Almighty Shogun might have too much fun and lose interest in running the government. That's why they invited me over to stay for a couple of days.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 15.ogg Paimon: Well look at you, sounds like you're really going up in the world. At this rate, you'll have made shogun by the next time we see you... And then Paimon'll have to call you "Almighty Bull-Chucker."
 The Arataki Gang never ceases to amaze.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 12.ogg Dvorak: Ahem, well... I'll admit, I heard a few exaggerations there myself, but regardless, Itto has helped me secure a venue for this event. And for that, I owe him my thanks.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 27.ogg Arataki Itto: Ah, it's nothing, don't mention it! My bro Gorou sorted it all out for me — let's both go thank him later.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 16.ogg Paimon: Wait, you know Gorou!?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 28.ogg Arataki Itto: Yep. I always knew him as General Gorou of the resistance fighters, but I had no idea there was more to the story! Turns out, he has another identity...
 What other identity?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 29.ogg Arataki Itto: You've heard of Ms. Hina, right?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 17.ogg Paimon: MS. HINA!? So you—!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 30.ogg Arataki Itto: Hey, no need to yell, alright? Yes, Ms. Hina. She's the one who told me.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 31.ogg Arataki Itto: After falling for the Tenryou Commission's tricks at the Drumalong Festival, I figured I'd find a new location this time. Somewhere out of their reach. Like here, for example.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 32.ogg Arataki Itto: So, I wrote Ms. Hina a letter, asking if she knew anything about the procedure for holding an event on Watatsumi Island.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 33.ogg Arataki Itto: She wrote me back right away, and said I could ask Watatsumi Island's General for help... and that his name was "Gorou."
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 34.ogg Arataki Itto: I was like, whaaaat!? General Gorou is the general of all Watatsumi Island!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 18.ogg Paimon: Whew, that was close... Paimon's with you now, but... what did you think general meant?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 35.ogg Arataki Itto: What do you mean? Isn't it like, one general per squad, or something?
Media:vo yyeq001 1 paimon 19.ogg Paimon: That's called a captain!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 36.ogg Arataki Itto: Really? Huh. Well, either way, if it wasn't for Ms. Hina, I never woulda known... Pretty rock 'n' roll! Hahahahaha!
 So rock 'n' roll!
 Hahahahaha!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 37.ogg Arataki Itto: Alright — good chat, compadre. I just remembered, I got a meeting with Gorou coming up — gonna ask him about that dog situation. Gonna have to love ya and leave ya for now.
 Sure you don't want us to join? We could help.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 38.ogg Arataki Itto: Hahahahaha! You guys focus on having a blast here at the festival! I think I can handle this little canine conundrum.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 39.ogg Arataki Itto: There's still a few days until the big party, so not everything's set up yet. But the Jam Zone and the Roasted Lavender Melon Zone are ready for action!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 itto 40.ogg Arataki Itto: Have fun, compadre! Gotta dash!
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 13.ogg Dvorak: *sigh* What a character... Gotta admire his enthusiasm, though.
Media:vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 14.ogg Dvorak: Looks like it's just the three of us for now. Why don't I show you the Jam Zone to start with?
(Approach the Jam Zone)
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 01.ogg Dvorak: Here we are. I've supplied musical scores and instruments from various regions, including a horn I personally brought from Fontaine. You can play whatever music you like.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 02.ogg Dvorak: If you get tired, the Roasted Lavender Melon Zone is just over there. Itto says that Lavender Melons are, *clears throat*, rock 'n' roll fuel. So, what do you think? Wanna give it a try?
 I guess that makes Paimon "Flying Rock 'N' Roll Fuel."
Media:vo yyeq001 2 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Hey, cut that out! Lucky Itto's gone, otherwise Paimon would never hear the end of it.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Let's change the topic. What other fun stuff is there to do here, Mr. Dvorak?
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 03.ogg Dvorak: Well, we're planning to invite some more music enthusiasts, and we're still getting some supplies together so we can decorate the place a little.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 04.ogg Dvorak: But it could take some time. The Arataki Gang has shifted their focus to the dog situation ever since I brought it up...
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 05.ogg Dvorak: Only one of them is actually sticking to the plan. Her name is Kuki Shinobu — she's out delivering invitations right now.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Yep, that's the Arataki Gang for ya. Everyone else goofs around while Shinobu gets things done.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: We should help out! We can't let this event get totally derailed when Shinobu's out there doing her part!
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 06.ogg Dvorak: Oh, I mean... Are you sure?
 Absolutely. We can handle it.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 07.ogg Dvorak: That would be extremely useful... We're starting to get behind schedule, and a couple extra pairs of hands could make all the difference.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: No problem, we're happy to help! So you need us to find some music lovers and gather materials for decorating. Was that it?
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 08.ogg Dvorak: Exactly. According to the original plan, we aim to finish everything in five days, and then the big party can begin.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 09.ogg Dvorak: Actually, give me a second — I'll make you a checklist of all the outstanding tasks, that way it'll all be clearer.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 10.ogg Dvorak: Oh, also... One other tidbit to share with you: Itto is planning to perform a song on stage on the final day of the event.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Ugh, typical Bull-Chucker! Always has to be the center of attention!
 Why don't you do a song too, Paimon?
Media:vo yyeq001 2 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Oh, Paimon would steal the show for sure. No one would give Itto a second look after that.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Pretty sure he'd yell out "Paimon's so rock 'n' roll it hurts!" And then run off the stage bawling his eyes out.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 11.ogg Dvorak: Haha, those are some bold claims, Ms. Paimon. But that kind of confidence would serve you well on the stage.
Media:vo yyeq001 2 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Ah, Paimon's just kidding. Anyway, we'll be ready for that checklist as soon as it's done, Mr. Dvorak!
Media:vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 12.ogg Dvorak: Great. Feel free to take a look around. I'll bring it over in a few minutes.
(Talk to Dvorak, optional)
Media:vo dialog yyeq001 dvorak 01.ogg Dvorak: Feel free to take a look around, I'll be with you in just a moment.
(Approach the stage)
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 01.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Well, well, well! If it isn't (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler) and Paimon!
(If the player has not met Shikanoin Heizou yet, an introductory note appears on screen)Shikanoin Heizou — Analytical HarmonyA young detective working at the Tenryou Commission who appears well-behaved and polite, but actually thumbs his nose at all the official mumbo jumbo.As someone with extensive experience in solving crimes, Heizou is always the first one the head of the Police Station turns to whenever there is an unusually complicated case.However, according to the young detective himself, his true trump card has never been experience, but intuition.No wonder he always wears a confident smile on his face — that's what we call the ease of a genius.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Whoa! Shinobu... and Heizou! What a surprise!
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 02.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: This truly is a pleasant surprise... although, not that surprising to be honest. I was just telling Ms. Shinobu that I had a sneaking suspicion we might run into you.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 01.ogg Kuki Shinobu: Hehe, Doushin Shikanoin was talking about you constantly the whole way here. I guess the universe answered his prayers.
(If the player has not met Kuki Shinobu yet, an introductory note appears on screen)Kuki Shinobu — Mender of Tribulations"Deputy of the Arataki Gang, Legal Consultant, Expert Chef, Expert Tailor... Kuki Shinobu."The many qualifications Shinobu has passed exams for, big and small, are printed on the face of her namecard, and her fields of expertise are many indeed."...Please contact me at Hanamizaka if the Gang's members do anything discourteous, and the matter will be fixed within three days."You can see the emotion behind these words in the way they were written on the back in a hand so strong that you can see their outlines on the card's front face. You can't help but wonder if it is "matters" or "people" that are going to get "fixed."
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 03.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: It's called intuition. Names pop into my head at relevant moments — just the way my mind works.
 It's great to see you both.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Paimon sure wasn't expecting Heizou to be the first one to show up.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 02.ogg Kuki Shinobu: Boss nagged me to prioritize the Tenryou Commission invitations. He specifically requested Madam Kujou Sara and Doushin Shikanoin.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: So... why isn't Sara here?
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 04.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Almost certainly because she has no desire whatsoever to see Itto. In her defense, here's what was written on the invitation letter:
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 05.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: "Kujou Tengu! Come meet me at the top of the Sangonomiya Shrine! Let's go nuts and have a totally rock 'n' roll sumo wrestling match!"
Media:vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 03.ogg Kuki Shinobu: If I were Kujou Sara, I'd jump at the chance to throw Itto off the roof.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: But then wouldn't Kokomi come and throw Sara off, too? All that stomping around on her roof... the noise would drive her crazy.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 04.ogg Kuki Shinobu: Yeah, haha... Well anyway, Madam Kujou Sara's response was much more magnanimous than mine would've been. She gave us a basket of Lavender Melons to bring as a gift.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 06.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Magnanimous...? Hehe, I'm not so sure. Something tells me she's trying to send a message.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: What message?
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 07.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: "If that oni brat wants to pick a fight with me, there'll be plenty of Lavender Melons waiting for him at the Police Station."
Media:vo yyeq001 4 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Hm, maybe the fact you assume that says more about you than her! So what about the other basket of Lavender Melons, huh? Is that one from you? What message are you trying to send?
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 08.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Haha, the other basket is actually from a few of us at the Police Station. I chipped in, and so did some other Doushin who've arrested Itto before... and so did some of Itto's former cellmates.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 09.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: So I guess this basket of Lavender Melons is our way of saying: "There'll always be a place for you here!"
Media:vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 05.ogg Kuki Shinobu: Maybe just give Boss the melons, and don't mention that part.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 10.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Sure. Well, my work here is done, anyway. Now that I've delivered the Lavender Melons and said hello to (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler), I should probably get going.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Uh, aren't you gonna stay for the event?
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 11.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Don't worry, I'll definitely be back for the big party. But I have some business to attend to in Ritou first.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Yeesh, being a detective sounds busy. They got you running around all over the place... Oh, wait! Ritou! Do you happen to know anything about a mystery ninken that appeared during the war? Apparently, a lot of people in Ritou were talking about it.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 12.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Ah, the dog, yes...? That was the inspiration behind this music festival, wasn't it? Shinobu told me all about it.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Oh... Never mind, Paimon just thought a detective might have the inside scoop.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 13.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: I'm only speculating here, but from experience, I'd say it's probably just a local legend. I doubt the dog even exists.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 14.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: What's wrong? From the look on your face, you've got a vested interest in this situation...
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 15.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Interesting... Well, since I'm going to Ritou anyway, I can always ask around and see where it leads.
 Are you sure it won't impact your work?
 How much do you charge for your services?
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 16.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Don't be silly. If this matters to you, that's a good sign that it'll turn out to be something that interests me, too.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 heizou 17.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Hehe, stay tuned for more info. See you all soon!
Media:vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 06.ogg Kuki Shinobu: Seems like Doushin Shikanoin's quite the lone wolf. Well, I'd better get back to delivering these invitations. Gotta make sure the big party's a success.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: In that case, guess it's time for us to get to work too. Wonder how that checklist is coming along...
Media:vo yyeq001 4 dvorak 01.ogg Dvorak: Sorry to keep you waiting — here's that list for ya. If you can work your way through all this, we'll be back on track.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: Great, perfect timing, Mr. Dvorak! We'll get on it right away.
Media:vo yyeq001 4 dvorak 02.ogg Dvorak: Thank you, I'm very grateful for your help. If you feel like flexing your musical muscles to take a break at any point, just come and find me in the Jam Zone.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThis Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...—Chinese(Simplified)不是普通的虹色巡回Bùshì Pǔtōng de Hóngsè XúnhuíChinese(Traditional)不是普通的虹色巡迴Bùshì Pǔtōng de Hóngsè XúnhuíJapaneseただのイリデッセンスツアーじゃないTada no Iridessensu Tsuaa Ja NaiKorean이건 평범한 무지갯빛 투어가 아니야Igeon Pyeongbeomhan Mujigaetbit Tueoga AniyaSpanishUn Tour Iridiscente fuera de lo corrienteAn Out-of-the-Ordinary Iridescent TourFrenchPas une tournée Iridescence de grand-père !Not a Grandpa's Iridescence Tour!RussianНеобыкновенный тур «Многоцветье»Neobyknovennyy tur "Mnogotsvet'ye"Thaiไม่ใช่ทัวร์แสงสีตระการตาทั่วไปVietnameseKhông Phải Sắc Màu Lưu Động Bình Thường Đâu...GermanDas ist keine gewöhnliche Regenbogen-TourIndonesianBukan Iridescence Tour Bapakmu!Not Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour!PortugueseEssa não é uma Tour Iridescente comum...This Isn't a Common Iridescence Tour...TurkishBu, Babanın Parıldayan Turnesi Değil...ItalianUn Tour dell'arcobaleno all'ultimo grido...
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.6[Create New History]
...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!
Quest Type
Story (Event)
Event
Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness: Glorious Finale
Requirements
Complete the To-Do List and submit all Venue Decorations to Dvorak
Starting Location
Watatsumi Island, Inazuma
Previous Quest
Next Quest
This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...
N/A
								Rewards
								Characters
Arataki Itto, Dvorak, Ei, Gorou, Kuki Shinobu, Paimon, Sangonomiya Kokomi, Shikanoin Heizou, Thoma, Traveler, Yae Miko, Yoimiya
...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness! is an Event Quest during the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness Event.
Contents
1 Steps
2 Dialogue
3 Gallery
4 Soundtracks
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Steps[]
Talk to Dvorak
Wait till the next day (14:00 – 16:00)
Talk to Itto
Meet your friends at the celebration
Go to the Jam Zone to look for Dvorak
Dialogue[]
 Quest DescriptionThanks to everyone (but especially you), the performance venue is ready at last. It's time for the final celebration...
(After submitting all Venue Decorations)
Media:vo yyeq002 1 dvorak 01.ogg Dvorak: Thank you both so much! At last, everything on the list is done.
Media:vo yyeq002 1 dvorak 02.ogg Dvorak: I'm afraid I still have some final preparations to make, but I'll see you tomorrow. Then, the party can begin!
(Talk to Dvorak, optional)
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 dvorak 07.ogg Dvorak: I still have some final preparations to make for the big party.
(Approach the venue after passing time)
Media:vo yyeq002 2 itto 01.ogg Arataki Itto: Compadres, you're here! Hey, serious props to you both. The place looks amazing, even better than I imagined! Hahahahaha!
Media:vo yyeq002 2 shinobu 01.ogg Kuki Shinobu: Everything looks perfect. We're ready for business. (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler), Paimon, you have our thanks.
Media:vo yyeq002 2 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Guys, guys... why so serious? That ain't rock 'n' roll, man.
Media:vo yyeq002 2 itto 02.ogg Arataki Itto: Hey, look at that! My favorite melon's a fast learner! Also, I hear you're gonna be taking the stage tonight! Itching for a little competition, huh?
Media:vo yyeq002 2 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Uhh... Paimon was just joking! ...Gah, seriously, Dvorak? Unbelievable...
Media:vo yyeq002 2 itto 03.ogg Arataki Itto: Getting cold feet? Don't blame you. I am the reigning champion of The Great Singalong, after all.
 Oh, Paimon. Backing down from a challenge ain't very rock 'n' roll.
Media:vo yyeq002 2 paimon 03a 1.ogg Paimon: What— Paimon is too rock 'n' roll! Paimon was just being humble!
 Come on, Paimon. You can beat Itto!
Media:vo yyeq002 2 paimon 03b 1.ogg Paimon: Oh, ya think so? 'Cause Paimon totally thinks so too.
Media:vo yyeq002 2 itto 04.ogg Arataki Itto: Then bring it on.
Media:vo yyeq002 2 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Oh, Paimon's bringin' it alright! Paimon's bringin' it all the way home! Hmph!
 Oh by the way — did you ever find that dog?
Media:vo yyeq002 2 itto 05.ogg Arataki Itto: ...We hit a complete dead-end. Gorou said he didn't know anything, Mamoru and the guys asked around the city, but no luck there either.
Media:vo yyeq002 2 itto 06.ogg Arataki Itto: What if it really IS in Tenshukaku? Is that why we can't find it?
Media:vo yyeq002 2 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: No, no, don't go poking around Tenshukaku again... You'll give Kujou Sara a migraine.
Media:vo yyeq002 2 itto 07.ogg Arataki Itto: Couldn't agree more. If I bother her too much, I'll end up getting struck by lightning...
Media:vo yyeq002 2 itto 08.ogg Arataki Itto: So that's why this time, I kept my distance and just threw some paper notes towards Tenshukaku. Hopefully, the Raiden Shogun sees them and hands the dog over.
Media:vo yyeq002 2 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Wait, what? You're still taking a big risk there...
Media:vo yyeq002 2 shinobu 02.ogg Kuki Shinobu: It looks like Doushin Shikanoin was right. It's probably just a local legend after all.
Media:vo yyeq002 2 itto 09.ogg Arataki Itto: Let's hope not, 'cause that would really suck! Wish I had more time to look into it, but unfortunately — this guy's got a performance to practice for.
Media:vo yyeq002 2 itto 10.ogg Arataki Itto: Now don't forget, there's lyrics and music scores in the Jam Zone. So no wussing out tonight!
Media:vo yyeq002 2 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Don't get too cocky, Bull-Chucker! We'll see who's rock 'n' roll!
Media:vo yyeq002 2 itto 11.ogg Arataki Itto: Hahahahaha! Game on, Mini Melon!
Media:vo yyeq002 2 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Paimon better get some practice in at the Jam Zone soon. No way is Paimon gonna lose to Itto!
Media:vo yyeq002 2 shinobu 03.ogg Kuki Shinobu: By the way, we invited a ton of people this time, including some people you know. A few have already shown up, and they're asking about you — wanna go say hi?
Media:vo yyeq002 2 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: Cool! Yeah, let's go see them! Paimon's curious to find out who you invited.
(Talk to Kuki Shinobu, optional)
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 shinobu 01.ogg Kuki Shinobu: Hey (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler). Some of your friends are here, wanna go say hi?
(Talk to Sangonomiya Kokomi or Gorou)
Media:vo yyeq002 3 kokomi 01.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: This Ms. Hina looks very familiar... Even the outfit...
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 01.ogg Gorou: I was thinking the same thing, Your Excellency. But I just can't put my finger on it...
(If the player has not met Gorou yet, an introductory note appears on screen)Gorou — Canine WarriorA valiant general of the resistance when the Vision Hunt Decree was in effect, Gorou is nicknamed the "ever-victorious pointy-eared general."In his eyes, the people around him are not only his brave soldiers, they are also his beloved companions. They are like treasure to be cared for and protected.The land that sustains them, his all-important comrades, the faith that keeps them going... These are the most precious things for Gorou, to whom he devotes his loyalty and courage.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 kokomi 02.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: She really is the spitting image...
(If the player has not met Sangonomiya Kokomi yet, an introductory note appears on screen)Sangonomiya Kokomi — Pearl of WisdomSangonomiya Kokomi is the Divine Priestess of Watatsumi Island, and is the highly-skilled strategist of the resistance forces."Things will be alright as long as Her Excellency is here," is what the people of Watatsumi say, and it is a great comfort to them all.This young lady is at great pains to meet such expectations and also manage Watatsumi Island's affairs at the same time.It is only in little moments of stolen leisure that she can lay down her duties as a "shrine maiden" and read some books that "Kokomi" enjoys.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 02.ogg Gorou: Of who?
Media:vo yyeq002 3 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Gorou! Kokomi! Hey!
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 03.ogg Gorou: Ah, hello, you two! It's been a while!
Media:vo yyeq002 3 kokomi 03.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: Hehe, I'm so happy to see you again. I was just asking Shinobu if she knew where you were.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: This is a nice surprise. Paimon didn't expect to run into you two at an Arataki Gang music festival!
 I hear that Gorou helped to secure the venue?
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 04.ogg Gorou: Oh, I barely did anything.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 05.ogg Gorou: A reader from my That's Life column was asking for advice about it, so I figured I'd help out. Turned out the reader in question was Mr. Arataki Itto.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 06.ogg Gorou: Her Excellency was also very supportive of the whole thing.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 kokomi 04.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: Mm... An international rock 'n' roll music festival sounded like a good way to attract tourists. And it's to bring attention to the plight of living things, right? Seems like a meaningful cause.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Yeah. Apparently, it has something to do with a dog that was a war hero? Although sadly, probably not a true story. Have either of you... heard anything about that...?
Media:vo yyeq002 3 kokomi 05.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: Oh, you know, bits and pieces... Nothing concrete.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 07.ogg Gorou: Mm... Yeah, no, me neither.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Hmm, those sounded suspiciously like prepared answers!
Media:vo yyeq002 3 kokomi 06.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: Hehe, probably because we've answered that question before. Mr. Arataki Itto came to ask us about it a while back. We'd certainly love to help, if we can.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 08.ogg Gorou: Yes, of course... Um, ahem, actually, I was hoping to ask for your opinion on something.
 Sure, what is it?
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 09.ogg Gorou: Does Ms. Hina look familiar to you at all? I have this strange feeling like I've seen her somewhere before...
Media:vo yyeq002 3 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Oh... Umm...
 I feel like I've met her before... but...
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 10a 1.ogg Gorou: But you don't remember where?
 ...Nope, sorry. Doesn't ring any bells.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 10b 1.ogg Gorou: Hmm. Maybe it's just me...
Media:vo yyeq002 3 paimon 06a.ogg Media:vo yyeq002 3 paimon 06b.ogg Paimon: Eh, she probably just looks similar to someone you know. Like how (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler) looks similar to (‍his sisterhis sisterText for male Traveler/her brotherher brotherText for female Traveler‍)! There's no mystery here. Don't overthink it.
Media:vo yyeq002 3 gorou 11.ogg Gorou: I see... That does make sense...
Media:vo yyeq002 3 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler), let's get outta here...
(Talk to Gorou or Sangonomiya Kokomi, optional)
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 gorou 01.ogg Gorou: Who could it be...?
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 kokomi 01.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: Hehe...
(Talk to Yoimiya or Thoma)
Media:vo yyeq002 4 thoma 01.ogg Thoma: You're a real trooper, Yoimiya! This must be one of the furthest places you've ever delivered to.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 yoimiya 01.ogg Yoimiya: I promised Itto that I'd supply fireworks for his festival. I wasn't about to go back on my word.
(If the player has not met Yoimiya yet, an introductory note appears on screen)Yoimiya — Frolicking FlamesThe present owner of Naganohara Fireworks. Hero to the children, Queen of the Summer Festival — also known as Yoimiya.Inazuma has yearly festivals that all feature fireworks painstaking made by her. Her creativity itself burns hot and brightly, and brings people endless, incomparable joy.Yoimiya's heart has yet to lose its childlike innocence, and she often plays simple but evergreen games with the children, or goes with them to find some shiny objects. The purity of these children brings her great happiness.Though fireworks are fleeting things, their radiance remains in peoples' hearts. This miracle is momentary yet also eternal, and this is how she "protects" those around her.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Hey! Thoma, Yoimiya!
Media:vo yyeq002 4 yoimiya 02.ogg Yoimiya: (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler), Paimon! Cool, you're here too!
 It's been too long!
Media:vo yyeq002 4 thoma 02.ogg Thoma: Haha, looks I owe the Arataki Gang a huge thank-you. If they weren't putting on this event, who knows when I would've gotten to see you next.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 yoimiya 03.ogg Yoimiya: You hear that? In case it was too subtle for you — Thoma's complaining that you guys never make time to come and visit your old pals.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 thoma 03.ogg Thoma: That's true. Obviously, traveling's very important to you, but you gotta take a break every once in a while. Just remember that you've got friends out there who'd love nothing more than the chance to make you feel looked after.
 Thank you both. That means a lot.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 yoimiya 04.ogg Yoimiya: Of course! Ooh, I heard this really cool thing, I gotta share with you guys.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 yoimiya 05.ogg Yoimiya: So Itto says that the theme of this music festival comes from a story about a dog that saved animals in the warzone. How amazing is that!
Media:vo yyeq002 4 yoimiya 06.ogg Yoimiya: What do you know about this dog, Thoma? Everyone knows how well-connected you are.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 thoma 04.ogg Thoma: Heh, for once... not much, I'm afraid. I guess my connections are one key canine short.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 thoma 05.ogg Thoma: But assuming this really happened, I feel like Watatsumi Island would've had to be involved.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 thoma 06.ogg Thoma: This is a dog who managed to sneak in and out of a warzone, repeatedly, without leaving a trail for anyone to follow. Whatever the case, it would've needed someone to help cover its tracks.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 thoma 07.ogg Thoma: As far as I know, the Shogun's Army doesn't do that kind of thing.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: So you're saying it was the Sangonomiya troops? They had a specially trained dog for rescuing critters from the battlefield?
Media:vo yyeq002 4 yoimiya 07.ogg Yoimiya: Sounds kinda far-fetched if you ask me... Do we really think Sangonomiya's forces had enough manpower to fight a full-scale war and run a... what, a canine wildlife rescue operation on the side?
Media:vo yyeq002 4 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Okay, well if wasn't Sangonomiya's side, it must have been the Shogunate!
 I doubt they had the manpower either...
Media:vo yyeq002 4 thoma 08.ogg Thoma: Right. So in my view, it's more likely that Mr. Dvorak simply made the story up as something to capture people's imaginations.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 thoma 09.ogg Thoma: I mean, he's an artist, right? Isn't rock music about expressing things we don't fully understand?
Media:vo yyeq002 4 yoimiya 08.ogg Yoimiya: Kinda like fireworks, in a way. Don't question it, just feel it...
Media:vo yyeq002 4 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Hmm... Yeah, that sort of makes sense. That makes you an artist too, Yoimiya! Fireworks are your art.
Media:vo yyeq002 4 yoimiya 09.ogg Yoimiya: Heehee, I'll take it! And on that note — boy, do I have an art show for you tonight! Make sure you don't miss it!
(Talk to Yoimiya or Thoma again, optional)
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 yoimiya 01.ogg Yoimiya: Sounds like you know a few things about art yourself, Thoma.
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 thoma 01.ogg Thoma: Art? Me? ...Does knitting sweaters count?
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 yoimiya 02.ogg Yoimiya: Absolutely! Knitting is totally an art form!
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 thoma 02.ogg Thoma: Just... not a very rock 'n' roll one, I guess. I don't think I'll be doing any knitting tonight.
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 yoimiya 03.ogg Yoimiya: Not with that attitude! You could, uh... knit sweaters with "Rock 'N' Roll" in big letters! Then get everyone to wear them!
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 thoma 03.ogg Thoma: Hmm, good idea! I'll look into it next time.
(Talk to Shikanoin Heizou)
Media:vo yyeq002 5 heizou 01.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Hey, there you are! I sent you some letters a few days ago, have they shown up yet?
Media:vo yyeq002 5 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Ooooh! Does this mean you've figured it out?
Media:vo yyeq002 5 heizou 02.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: I've made some progress, but I'm still missing the final piece of the puzzle.
 So. What did you learn?
Media:vo yyeq002 5 heizou 03.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: I don't have anything conclusive yet, but I have a hunch that it involved both the Yashiro Commission and Sangonomiya.
Media:vo yyeq002 5 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: What!? You mean like... in cahoots? During the war!?
Media:vo yyeq002 5 heizou 04.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Shhh... Like I said, it's just a hunch. Let's not get carried away.
Media:vo yyeq002 5 heizou 05.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Anyway, I've written to the station, and they shouldn't take too long to get back to me. Yoriki Owada should be able to help find what I need.
Media:vo yyeq002 5 heizou 06.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: In the meantime, you'll just have to be patient.
Media:vo yyeq002 5 heizou 07.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: I would have gone back to the station to look into it myself, but I knew Itto was performing tonight and I didn't wanna miss it.
 You know who else is performing tonight? Paimon!
Media:vo yyeq002 5 heizou 08.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Oh, wow! Sounds like I'm in for a real treat. I definitely picked the right place to be tonight.
Media:vo yyeq002 5 heizou 09.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Will the Traveler's long-serving "Voice" finally graduate from speech to song in a triumphant victory over the oni rocker of Hanamizaka?
 They don't call her "Flying Rock 'N' Roll Fuel" for nothing.
Media:vo yyeq002 5 heizou 10.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Hahahaha! I'll be awaiting with bated breath!
Media:vo yyeq002 5 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Cut it out, both of you! No more stupid nicknames!
(Talk to Shikanoin Heizou, optional)
Media:vo dialog yyeq002 heizou 01.ogg Shikanoin Heizou: Hmm, what if Madam Kujou Sara's the one who got my letter... No, surely she wouldn't intentionally ignore it?
(After talking with everyone)
Media:vo yyeq002 6 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Paimon didn't realize so many people we know would be here. Better get practicing, or tonight could be super embarrassing.
Media:vo yyeq002 6 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: C'mon, let's head to the Jam Zone.
(Talk to Dvorak)
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Hey, Mr. Dvorak! You're still here.
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 01.ogg Dvorak: Sure am. I've been checking over the equipment, scores, and lyric sheets to make sure everything's ready for tonight.
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 02.ogg Dvorak: Shinobu was telling me how popular light novels are here in Inazuma. So I've tweaked the melody and lyrics for a more Arataki Gang feel with a light novel twist.
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Light novels plus rock music, so... light rock!
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 03.ogg Dvorak: Hahaha. I actually didn't change too much — just took out the dog and made it about Onikabuto instead. Should be more up Itto's alley.
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 04.ogg Dvorak: This event couldn't have happened without him. It's my way of showing him some appreciation, I guess.
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Whaaat? You got rid of the dog? But... wasn't that the whole inspiration behind the festival?
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 05.ogg Dvorak: Yes, but that's all it was. The initial inspiration. Doesn't matter if we change it to an Onikabuto, or you, or me, or anything else. It's the spirit of it that counts.
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Spirit? What do you mean?
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 06.ogg Dvorak: Umm... The spirit of rock 'n' roll?
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: ...Okay, shoulda seen that coming.
 Do you think people have been getting too hyper-focused on the dog story?
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 07.ogg Dvorak: Hehe, it's all about the music, my friends. Just enjoy the music, that's all that matters.
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Fair enough... Alright, well speaking of enjoying music, is it alright if Paimon goes first?
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Paimon's gotta get practicing, or Bull-Chucker's gonna hog the spotlight tonight!
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 08.ogg Dvorak: By all means, be my guest! I knew you'd come around to the idea of going on stage.
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 09.ogg Dvorak: Here's the music score and lyrics. I can't wait to see this!
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 08.ogg Paimon: Ooh, let's see now, what's this song called...
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 09.ogg Paimon: "I Got Reincarnated as an Onikabuto... And Flipped the World Upside Down"...
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 10.ogg Paimon: What sort of song title is that? Is this supposed to be rock 'n' roll?
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 10.ogg Dvorak: Soft rock, actually.
 I gotta see these lyrics...
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 11.ogg Paimon: Nope, no peeking, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)! You can hear them tonight when Paimon sings the song!
Media:vo yyeq002 7 paimon 12.ogg Paimon: Paimon's gonna rock so hard, Bull-Chucker won't know what hit him!
The time flies by, and night soon falls...
Music lovers take turns showcasing their talent on the stage.
Whoops and cheers ring out as the crowd grows louder and the atmosphere gets wilder.
Before you know it, the moment has arrived.
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 11.ogg Dvorak: Ladies and gentlemen!
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 12.ogg Dvorak: Tonight is a night to celebrate, and I trust you're all having a wonderful time!
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 13.ogg Dvorak: It's been a non-stop rock 'n' roll ride this evening, and we're almost at the end. But first, it is my huge honor to invite two very special guests to the stage...
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 14.ogg Dvorak: The illustrious Mr. Arataki Itto!
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 15.ogg Dvorak: And Ms. Paimon!
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 16.ogg Dvorak: The two of them will be performing a brand-new song written specially for tonight's event. It's called:
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 17.ogg Dvorak: "I Got Reincarnated as an Onikabuto... And Flipped the World Upside Down"!
Media:vo yyeq002 7 dvorak 18.ogg Dvorak: Take it away!
(Cinematic plays)
Media:vo yyeq002 cs itto 01.ogg Arataki Itto: Raven, took an arrow to the heart
Media:vo yyeq002 cs itto 02.ogg Arataki Itto: And the bake-danuki, shapeshifted into dark
Media:vo yyeq002 cs paimon 01.ogg Paimon: I, Weasel Thief, hereby bequeath all my Mora
Media:vo yyeq002 cs paimon 02.ogg Paimon: Two hundred goes to my pa
Media:vo yyeq002 cs itto 03.ogg Arataki Itto: Three hundred to dear mama
Media:vo yyeq002 cs itto 04.ogg Arataki Itto: Poor little General Crab, only a shell remains
Media:vo yyeq002 cs paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Unagi goodbye
Media:vo yyeq002 cs paimon 04.ogg Paimon: Now rest in peace, please don't cry
Media:vo yyeq002 cs itto 05.ogg Arataki Itto: Cause we'll get reborn as a beetle next time
Media:vo yyeq002 cs paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Onikabuto, raise your horns
Media:vo yyeq002 cs itto 06.ogg Arataki Itto: Here's to a world beyond the storm
Media:vo yyeq002 cs itto 07.ogg Media:vo yyeq002 cs paimon 06.ogg Arataki Itto and Paimon: Of rosy skies
(Cinematic ends)
After an exhilarating song to end the night, many people begin to leave...
But you and your friends approach the stage to congratulate the two rockstars...
Media:vo yyeq002 8 yoimiya 01.ogg Yoimiya: So that's rock music, huh? It's a little different than I imagined.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 thoma 01.ogg Thoma: Really? It's different from what I'd heard before... Could be a relatively new genre of rock, I suppose.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 01.ogg Arataki Itto: So, how'd you like my performance? Did I dominate this lil' melon here or what? Hahahahaha!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 paimon 01.ogg Paimon: Okay, Bull-chucker! You got owned and you know it!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 yoimiya 02.ogg Yoimiya: Oh, stop it, you two. I think both of you were sensational!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 thoma 02.ogg Thoma: Hear, hear! Really mind-blowing stuff, guys.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 shinobu 01.ogg Kuki Shinobu: I call it a draw. You're very evenly matched.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 02.ogg Arataki Itto: Oh, you think? Okay, well what about you, my compadre? Who do you think is the most rock 'n' roll?
 Itto.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 03a 1.ogg Arataki Itto: Hahahahaha! That's right, compadre you tell 'em. Behold the majesty of the Rock 'N' Roll King of Hanamizaka!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 paimon 02a 1.ogg Paimon: Argh! Traitor! That's it, Paimon's not talking to you for the next minute!
 Paimon.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 paimon 02b 1.ogg Paimon: Hehehe, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)'s always got Paimon's back! Take that, Bull-Chucker! Hah!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 03b 1a.ogg Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 03b 1b.ogg Arataki Itto: Huh? Oh, my gullible little melon. You don't really believe that do you? (‍HeHeText for male Traveler/SheSheText for female Traveler‍) just didn't wanna hurt your feelings!
 You're both rockstars.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 paimon 02c 1.ogg Paimon: Hmm... Really? Do you really think that?
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 03c 1.ogg Arataki Itto: Ah, fine... My compadre wouldn't lie to me. I can handle the truth...
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 03c 2.ogg Arataki Itto: *sigh*... Rock on, Mini Melon... Rock on.
 Anyway, what nice weather we've been having lately!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 03d 1.ogg Arataki Itto: Hey, don't try to change the subject!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 dvorak 01.ogg Dvorak: Haha, let's not argue anymore, shall we? Itto and Paimon, you both gave incredibly moving performances...
Media:vo yyeq002 8 dvorak 02.ogg Dvorak: I owe you all an enormous debt of gratitude. Without your help, this music festival never would've happened.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 04.ogg Arataki Itto: Don't mention it, Jack-Attack! Hey, if we hadn't met, I wouldn't even know what the spirit of rock 'n' roll means!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 yoimiya 03.ogg Yoimiya: The spirit of rock 'n' roll? So, what does it mean? What does it mean for rock music to have a "spirit"?
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 05.ogg Arataki Itto: It means you rock up, rock out, roll the dice, and roll with the punches! Just like me and Paimon!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 paimon 03.ogg Paimon: Yeah, that's obviously not what it means... Mr. Dvorak, could you please give us the official definition? Someone needs to take this guy down a peg.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 dvorak 03.ogg Dvorak: Hehe, an official definition? I don't know that one exists... It's an emotional experience. As though you're hearing your own story speak to you through the music.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 thoma 03.ogg Thoma: Funny you should say that... I was just thinking that the spirit of rock 'n' roll is... well, like the Onikabuto in the song: Having the courage to grab life by the horns and survive against all the odds.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 thoma 04.ogg Thoma: Guess I have a better sense rock 'n' roll than I thought! Haha.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 paimon 04.ogg Paimon: What about you, Yoimiya?
Media:vo yyeq002 8 yoimiya 04.ogg Yoimiya: Oh, well... I thought it was gonna be all about that dog, but then the song didn't even mention it, so...
Media:vo yyeq002 8 yoimiya 05.ogg Yoimiya: Was that supposed to be symbolic...? Like, if the dog didn't exist, maybe the injured animals didn't, either...
Media:vo yyeq002 8 yoimiya 06.ogg Yoimiya: If there were no injured animals, that means there was no war, which means... the world is at peace.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 paimon 05.ogg Paimon: Oh! So for Yoimiya, the rock 'n' roll spirit is all about world peace!
 Shinobu? What about you?
Media:vo yyeq002 8 shinobu 02.ogg Kuki Shinobu: Me? Uh, I hadn't given it all that much thought. I was mostly worrying about whether those paper notes Boss threw into Tenshukaku are going to get him in trouble with the Tenryou Commission...
Media:vo yyeq002 8 thoma 05.ogg Thoma: Haha! That must mean that for Shinobu, the rock 'n' roll spirit is about keeping the Arataki Gang safe.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 06.ogg Arataki Itto: Shinobu, seriously, you've got nothing to worry about. If the Raiden Shogun had seen any of those notes, she'd have come to join the party!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 paimon 06.ogg Paimon: Paimon agrees that you don't need to worry. Otherwise, Heizou definitely would've arrested Itto by now!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 paimon 07.ogg Paimon: Wait... Where is that guy, anyway? And where did Kokomi and Gorou go?
Media:vo yyeq002 8 shinobu 03.ogg Kuki Shinobu: Oh, Doushin Shikanoin had to run back to the station, so he didn't get the chance to say goodbye to you guys. But he did leave something for you. It's over there.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 shinobu 04.ogg Kuki Shinobu: As for the other two, they couldn't stick around because they had a government meeting to get to. They did ask me to pass on their regards, though.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 dvorak 04.ogg Dvorak: The fact that these busy people all made time to attend the party is telling. Clearly, Itto wasn't exaggerating about the stature of the Arataki Gang.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 dvorak 05.ogg Dvorak: Itto, what can I say... It's truly been an honor to work with you.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 07.ogg Arataki Itto: Hahahahaha! Well, Jack-Attack, I can't take all the credit — let's not forget (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)'s part in all this!
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 08a.ogg Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 08b.ogg Arataki Itto: A lot of people only showed up because they knew (‍he'dhe'dText for male Traveler/she'dshe'dText for female Traveler‍) be here. If we do this again, we gotta make sure we find a way to get (‍himhimText for male Traveler/herherText for female Traveler‍) on stage.
Media:vo yyeq002 8 itto 09.ogg Arataki Itto: How's that sound, compadre? Get that rock 'n' roll spirit ready, 'cause next time, it'll be your turn to rock our collective socks off!
(In the field just east of the event venue)
Media:vo yyeq002 9 gorou 01.ogg Gorou: Your Excellency, I believe the Tenryou Commission detective has—
Media:vo yyeq002 9 kokomi 01.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: Don't worry about it, Gorou. The Puppy Union was a joint venture between us and the Yashiro Commission. If we can maintain secrecy, then all the better for it. But that was never the main goal.
(A dog resembling the one from Gorou's talents wanders by)
Media:vo yyeq002 9 kokomi 02.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: We saved some lives, and that's what matters.
Media:vo yyeq002 9 gorou 02.ogg Gorou: I was more worried about the potential impact on your reputation, Your Excellency... After all, some of the lives we saved belonged to the Shogunate...
Media:vo yyeq002 9 gorou 03.ogg Gorou: If someone with an agenda finds out, it could cause an uproar...
Media:vo yyeq002 9 kokomi 03.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: Don't worry. There might be a way to make it work out in our favor.
Media:vo yyeq002 9 gorou 04.ogg Gorou: Really? How?
Media:vo yyeq002 9 kokomi 04.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: Times have changed. We and Narukami Island are supposed to be working together now.
Media:vo yyeq002 9 kokomi 05.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: So it's not necessarily a bad thing if people discover that we were already cooperating with the Yashiro Commission even during the war.
Media:vo yyeq002 9 gorou 05.ogg Gorou: I see...
Media:vo yyeq002 9 kokomi 06.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: Gorou, if you want my opinion, you should be more concerned about Ms. Hina than you are about this.
Media:vo yyeq002 9 gorou 06.ogg Gorou: Ms. Hina? What makes you say that?
Media:vo yyeq002 9 kokomi 07.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: I hear she works for That's Life magazine as well. She's young, popular, pretty...
Media:vo yyeq002 9 kokomi 08.ogg Sangonomiya Kokomi: And she seems to be just as good at offering comfort to people in need as you are. So it looks like you have some competition.
Media:vo yyeq002 9 gorou 07.ogg Gorou: Ahem... Understood, Your Excellency! I will work hard to stay ahead of the competition!
(On the cliff overlooking the event venue)
Media:vo yyeq002 12 yaemiko 01.ogg Yae Miko: I learned something new today... I never knew that the Hydro nation's rock music had the power to stir up lightning.
(If the player has not met Yae Miko yet, an introductory note appears on screen)Yae Miko — Astute AmusementThe astute and beauteous Yae Miko is capricious and unpredictable in her ways, doing completely as she pleases.After all, it is boredom that is the true foe of one who has lived for several centuries now.No matter if you intend to meet the Kitsune Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine or the Editor-in-Chief of Yae Publishing House...If you have come prepared to be made sport of by her, then roll right up!
Media:vo yyeq002 12 raidenei 01.ogg Ei: Miko... A few days ago, some strange paper notes flew into Tenshukaku, demanding that I "hand over the dog"... So I am here to see what on earth it was all about.
(If the player has not met Raiden Shogun yet, an introductory note appears on screen)Raiden Shogun — Plane of EuthymiaThe Raiden Shogun, the dignified deity of Inazuma, is also known as "Raiden Ei."Once, she sequestered herself away in her Plane of Euthymia, seeking to fulfill her promise to her people of an unchanging eternity, leaving her puppet Shogun to enact the plan in her place.But she has broken with this cycle after witnessing the desires of her people and taking up the dream of one she once knew, and now walks amongst mortals once more.Where will the new Eternity she sees lead Inazuma now?
Media:vo yyeq002 12 yaemiko 02.ogg Yae Miko: Haha, I just assumed you must've gotten yourself a pet puppy.
Media:vo yyeq002 12 raidenei 02.ogg Ei: As it happens, I also received an invitation letter via Sara.
Media:vo yyeq002 12 raidenei 03.ogg Ei: I've never heard the name "Arataki" before... But they must be one of my subjects, and so I thought, why not grant them their wish?
Media:vo yyeq002 12 yaemiko 03.ogg Yae Miko: Ah... so you came here to make a little oni's wish come true, hmm?
Media:vo yyeq002 12 yaemiko 04.ogg Yae Miko: So tell me, how do you plan to respond to the Fontainian musician? It sounded to me like his music was commenting on the war...
Media:vo yyeq002 12 raidenei 04.ogg Ei: The war...
Media:vo yyeq002 12 raidenei 05.ogg Ei: I'm not sure we can give him the answer he would hope for.
Media:vo yyeq002 12 raidenei 06.ogg Ei: But if nothing else, I know that we must avoid another war at all costs. The people cannot be made to suffer like that again.
Media:vo yyeq002 12 yaemiko 05.ogg Yae Miko: Hmm...
Media:vo yyeq002 12 yaemiko 06.ogg Yae Miko: But what if the bigger war comes to pass? What then?
Media:vo yyeq002 12 raidenei 07.ogg Ei: If it cannot be avoided, then...
Media:vo yyeq002 12 raidenei 08.ogg Ei: ...I will have no choice but to fight.
Media:vo yyeq002 12 yaemiko 07.ogg Yae Miko: Well, if that day comes...
Media:vo yyeq002 12 yaemiko 08.ogg Yae Miko: I'm sure that everyone here tonight will fight by your side.
Gallery[]
Cutscene Animation - "Arataki & Flying Lavender Melon's Rockin' for Life Duet" - Genshin Impact
Soundtracks[]
No.Soundtrack NameAlbumPlayed In18Narukami-BayashiIslands of the Lost and ForgottenProof of Guilt, Receiver of Friends From Afar: Part III, ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!Event Gameplay
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglish...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!—Chinese(Simplified)是荒泷生命摇滚虹色大巡回Chinese(Traditional)是荒瀧生命搖滾虹色大巡迴Japanese荒瀧・生命のロックイリデッセンスビッグツアー！Arataki Seimei no Rokku Iridessensu Biggu Tsuaa!Korean아라타키 로큰롤 라이프 무지갯빛 투어라고!Arataki Rokeullol Raipeu Mujigaetbit Tueorago!Spanish¡El Gran Tour Iridiscente de la Roquera Vida de Arataki!The Grand Arataki Iridescent Tour of the Rocker Life!FrenchC'est la Méga-tournée Iridescence rock' à donf' d'Arataki !It's the Arataki Mega Rockin' All-out Iridescence Tour!RussianГрандиозное рок-турне «Многоцветье самой жизни в стиле Аратаки»!Grandioznoye rok-turne "Mnogotsvet'ye samoy zhizni v stile Arataki"!Thaiเป็นทัวร์ชีวิตร็อกสีรุ้งของ AratakiVietnameseLà Sắc Màu Lưu Động Arataki Rock Xuyên Màn Đêm!GermanDas ist Aratakis große Regenbogen-Tour des lebendigen Rock ’n’ Roll!IndonesianTapi Iridescent Tour Arataki Yang Paling Gahar Sejagat Raya!But It's the Fiercest Arataki Iridescent Tour in the Whole Universe!Portuguese...É o Tour Iridescente da Força Viva de Rock Arataki!Turkish... Parıldayan Arataki Muhteşem Rock 'N' Roll Yaşam Turnesi!Italian...È il Tour de force arcobaleno delle meraviglie di Arataki il rockettaro!...It's the Rainbow Tour de Force of Wonders of Arataki the Rock-and-roller!
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.6[Create New History]
OverviewCultureHistoryDesignGallery
Contents
1 Sumeru Preview Teaser
1.1 The Fascinating Dendro Element
1.2 Of Rain and Sand
1.3 Prelude to Wisdom
2 Version 3.0 Special Program
2.1 Stories and Characters of Sumeru
2.2 Level Design of Sumeru
2.3 Dendro Element and Combat Design
2.4 Game Events and Wish Banners
2.5 Music Production
Sumeru Preview Teaser[]
The Fascinating Dendro Element[]
Aquaria, Combat Designer: The Dendro element is the last piece of the puzzle in Genshin Impact's seven element system. We intend to design it in a more systematic way. In Version 3.0, we invited all the colleagues in the planning department from the very beginning, along with our Art and Creative Concept and Writing Teams to discuss it together. We hoped to design a system with a higher degree of synergy, one that was more interconnected and easier to understand. There are three key words in the design of the Dendro element that is "catalysis," "wisdom," and "life." These three concepts are mainly reflected in the elemental reactions, level design, and environment mechanics. They also have a very strong connection to each other.
Regarding Genshin Impact's Elemental Reactions, on the one hand, it is the combination between different elemental design languages; on the other hand, it is also an artistic rework based on everyday phenomena. For example, in Genshin Impact, our players have seen the Electro-Charged reaction. It is actually an everyday phenomenon that fits players' perception, but at the same time, it is also the product of the combination of the recovery aspect of the Hydro element and the energy aspect of the Electro element. In the game, it is also a phenomenon that can steadily release energy.
Based on a similar design concept, we introduced two more new reactions in Version 3.0, Bloom and Catalyze. Bloom is inspired by the real-life phenomenon of flowers blooming. It is also the combination of the recovery aspect of the Hydro element and the catalysis concept of the Dendro element. The Catalyze reaction, on the other hand, is a completely original effect. It originates from the collision between the energy aspect from the Electro element and the wisdom concept from the Dendro element, which serves as another keyword of Dendro. The phenomenon related to the Catalyze reaction also has a very deep connection with the local history of Sumeru.
Yangshen, Combat Designer: In Version 3.0, we have also added a lot of interesting area-specific gameplay in Sumeru. Based on the three reaction characteristics of Burning, Bloom, and Catalyze, we defined a design concept called polymorphic transformation. Some targets that have Dendro characteristics. Through interaction with Hydro, Pyro, and Electro elements, transitions between different states can be achieved resulting in different interactive effects.
We have also made a similar attempt on the ecology of monsters. Depending on the environment you are in and the effects of the elements you are exposed to, monsters will switch back and forth between different states. Other than changes in the attack methods, defeating monsters when they are in specific states will also get you rare special materials.
To find out more about Dendro-related gameplay, players will have to experience it for themselves in the game.
Aquaria, Combat Designer: We hope that the addition of Dendro element gameplay can bring players a novel and interesting experience.
Of Rain and Sand[]
Jax Huang, Environment Art: Sumeru is rather different from the major versions we've seen in the past. It is divided into two large parts: the rainforest and the desert. There are many things to pay attention to in the design process, which are reflected in the three components of local characteristics, core themes, and use of fantasy. The landscape of the rainforest gives the impression of endless mountains. In comparison to the pillars of Liyue, and Inazuma's rugged and strong environment, the mountains and rocks of Sumeru are more in line with the tropical and humid region. These rocks with gentler contours, along with massive ancient trees, are seen throughout the entire area.
In terms of the vegetation, we studied a very wide range of local plants as a reference. We wanted to reflect traits of vividness, vitality, and humidity, among other tropical characteristics. The desert has desert storms, oases, and vegetation that needs water; rocks eroded by the wind and sand, and sacred ruins with historical elements. The overall design expresses the natural charm of both the rainforest and the desert and incorporates many fantasy elements.
We have been experimenting with design boundaries. We didn't want to come up with a very realistic design. But we didn't want to deviate too wildly either to achieve a good balance between exoticism, fantasy, and realism. The main vision of each area is also very important. The world of Sumeru itself provides excellent support for visual diversity, as it has a wide variety of fantasy elements. This content will be placed in different areas depending on the player's game experience and artistic logic to provide a pleasant visual perception and emotional changes for players, so that the overall game experience would be enhanced.
Maizi, Environment Art: When players first arrive in this fantasy forest, they will find a city built on a giant tree. In this nation blessed by the Dendro Archon. You will meet a group of adorable little spirits that only children can see. Help them solve a series of crises hidden in the depths of the forest to gain their trust, and in the process, you will discover many unknown areas.
There are forests with many enormous trees and it rains all year round. Forests that have withered for some unknown reason, and also special ecological zones formed by huge umbrella-shaped luminous plants. In another forest, you will also find the remains of a giant robot lying between the cliffs of the mountain. Behind these fantastical forests, a mysterious force seems to be eroding them. Look west from Sumeru City, and you will be able to see the desert area of Sumeru. Here you'll find mysterious ruins floating upside down and tornadoes tearing through the sky. Beneath the vast desert hides many areas waiting to be explored. There is also a giant robot deep in the desert. And as to what this robot has to do with the robot in the forest and where does the mysterious power of the forest come from, it'll be up to you, the Travelers, to unravel the truth yourself.
Prelude to Wisdom[]
Yogurt, IP Scriptwriter: Sumeru is a nation that treasures wisdom. The affairs of state are handled by an organization called the Akademiya. According to what Yae Miko said in Inazuma, knowledge in Sumeru is managed as a resource, and this is done through a Gnosis-powered legacy left by the previous Dendro Archon, the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, called the "Akasha" system. Another interesting point is that in Sumeru, most people, especially adults, aren't capable of dreaming, which is why there's a saying that "the people of Sumeru don't dream." Locals take pride in it, seeing it as a testament to their rationality and wisdom.
Baiheng, Monster Designer: The proper humidity and soil in Sumeru's forests are ideal living grounds for Shroom-Kin to thrive. To increase the ability to reproduce and protect the flora, the Shroom-Kin have evolved to the point where they became an entirely new species: the Fungi. The highest form of Fungi have developed a strong animalistic nature, and they are territorial and rather aggressive. The rainforest is also home to a variety of animals, and there are quite a few wonderful creatures among them.
In Sumeru, we will also encounter a new force called The Eremites. They are settlers from an ancient civilization in the desert. They are not part of any nation's forces, but make a living with their own wisdom and strength. In short, they are mercenaries. In a vast desert beyond the forest, there are many scars and legacies from the past. There are machines from an advanced civilization that guard the ancient secrets buried in the sand, and there are also fierce beasts that have been affected and thus mutated by these things. The Eremites also have a claim to part of the legacy of this ancient civilization as a deterrent of last resort in a crisis. As for what that means, you'll have to find out for yourself!
Yogurt, IP Scriptwriter: The Traveler will also meet various companions during their travels in Sumeru. As a nation of wisdom, the role of researchers is certainly integral. For example, as an Amurta researcher, Tighnari also serves as a Forest Watcher. The person you meet by chance in Port Ormos, Alhaitham, is from the Haravatat in the Akademiya. In addition, characters from other walks of life will also cross paths with the Traveler such as Dehya, who is a Desertfolk and a mercenary from The Eremites. We also have Nilou, who went off the beaten path; in such a land that values rationality and wisdom as Sumeru, she instead chose to pursue art and dance. And as the journey continues, a mysterious girl, Nahida, the General Mahamatra, Cyno, and other characters will also appear in turn.
Thus far, the Traveler's footsteps will finally reach Sumeru. Whether it's the scenery, the local customs and practices, or the companions along the way, it will be a completely new experience for you. We sincerely hope to bring you an adventure worth looking forward to.
Version 3.0 Special Program[]
Stories and Characters of Sumeru[]
Dawei: Welcome to Sumeru, Travelers! After a long period of preparation, Genshin Impact's Version 3.0 and Sumeru, the "Land of Dendro," is finally ready to be introduced to everyone. It can be said that the opening of the Sumeru region has a very special significance. On one hand You can set out to explore this new nation On another, the addition of the Dendro element also finally completes Genshin Impact's seven-element system. Previously, during your travels, you've probably heard all sorts of stories about Sumeru. What kind of civilization awaits us there? What kind of adventures will you have? And what kind of fresh experiences will Dendro add to those adventures? So today On behalf of everyone in the Genshin Impact project team, you are all cordially invited to come check out Sumeru's landscape with us! For today's show, we invited Xiao Luohao, the Head of Genshin Impact's Creative Concept and Writing Team to share more about what's going on in Sumeru.
Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: Hello, Travelers! It's a pleasure and an honor to be here with you once again I know many of you are very excited for Sumeru!
Dawei: Firstly, We're finally introducing the Dendro element in the Land of Dendro. Secondly, we're also going to see a whole new theme, that is wisdom. So what kind of land is Sumeru?
Xiao Luohao: Well, I believe that there are many players who have already met some people from Sumeru in the game. If you still remember, most of them are various kinds of traveling scholars who appear in various countries to conduct all kinds of academic research. And these scholars have formed the basis of players' first impression of Sumeru. Sumeru serves as Teyvat's "City of Scholars" Where many scholars and researchers of all ages and identities aspire to go. And Sumeru City is situated within eastern Sumeru's vast rainforest. The story of the Traveler in Version 3.0 will also unfold in this fresh, new land by stepping foot in dense vegetation or fiery sands of the desert. You will learn, bit by bit, about this city-state of wisdom.
Dawei: When you come to this new nation, you are probably curious about the Archon of this land. Previously, in the last Preview Teaser about Sumeru, I have found that the Dendro Archon's Statue of The Seven is unlike that of the Archons we have previously met She sort of looks like a very... petite god?
Xiao Luohao: Yeah, she's small, alright! Sumeru has always been known as the nation of wisdom. True to its reputation, it also boasts an old and well-established history. But the Archon of Sumeru, "Lesser Lord Kusanali," is not as long-lived as this nation; she is around 500 years old, born just after the Khaenri'ah disaster. She took over from her departed predecessor, the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, to become the Archon of Sumeru. The concept of being 500 years old may seem a little abstract to imagine for the rest of us or perhaps is an idea that feels out of reach. But for the Archons, at 500 years, life has only just begun So, for this young Archon, will she be able to succeed the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, who bequeathed innumerable blessings and support all of Sumeru? This question gradually took root in the minds of Akademiya sages.
Dawei: Is that so? I've heard of the Akademiya several times before. It seems to be a gathering of many researchers and a large school boasting a fountain of knowledge, but I didn't expect that the sages of the Akademiya can question even the power of the Archons!
Xiao Luohao: Since you've asked about this, we will have to talk about the origins of the Akademiya. Since time immemorial, Sumeru had survived all kinds of hardships and disasters, all of which were dealt with by the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata. The Greater Lord Rukkhadevata created the rainforest so that the people of Sumeru could live in peace. And the original Akademiya of Sumeru was made up of researchers who were long-time followers of the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata. Each of them performed their respective duties to assist the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata in ruling Sumeru. If there are any people or organization in Sumeru who could best understand the strength and philosophy of the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, it would have to be the Akademiya. So in most people's minds, the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata is an all-knowing, all-powerful God of Wisdom. Her departure was sorely felt by all of Sumeru's people. Thus, her disappearance also symbolized the end of a golden age. Thus has the legend... come to a close.
After the death of the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, the sages of the Akademiya began filling up the power vacuum, regarding themselves as the administrators of Sumeru. Attentive players may have remembered Yae Miko remarking that knowledge in Sumeru is managed as a resource. But you might find that hard to imagine how they manage that "resource." The means through which they make that happen is through the Akademiya's reformed "Akasha" system. The system was originally a legacy of the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata. But after it was reformed by the Akademiya, knowledge is able to be integrated and divided which, in turn, can be distributed to the people. As recipients, the people of Sumeru use a device called the "Akasha Terminal" to directly acquire the relevant knowledge.
Dawei: As the saying goes: "Knowledge is power." Looks like the Akademiya is a very powerful institution! So if our friends, the Travelers, want to visit the Akademiya, where should they start?
Xiao Luohao: If we want to go to Sumeru City, where the Akademiya is located, we can begin our journey by choosing to depart from Sumeru's closest neighboring region: The Chasm. By taking this route, we have to go through a vast, lush rainforest known as the "Avidya Forest." This rainforest is home to many amazing creatures with unique features. For example, Fungi of various kinds; the simple, stocky Sumpter Beast; the bright, colorful Dusk Bird, and so on. At the same time, the rainforest has a humid climate and is enriched with Dendro. It also makes the plants in this area grow wildly with these special conditions. The interior of the rainforest has unique majestic scenery, and this area is mysterious and complex. Of course, there are many dangers lurking. For example, there is a kind of corruption that is disrupting the ecological balance, elemental monsters that cause difficulties for passersby, and so on. So in Sumeru, there's a task force set up to deal with these particular situations. They are based in Avidya Forest's Gandharva Ville. People call them the Forest Rangers and their leader is usually referred to as a Forest Watcher.
Dawei: Ah~ This very striking young man with big, adorable ears must be Tighnari, our Forest Watcher.
Xiao Luohao: Correct, Forest Watcher Tighnari is also a researcher specializing in botany. He comes from one of the Six Darshans of the Akademiya. It is also the largest school of thought: Amurta. After graduating with top honors, Tighnari chose not to stay and teach. Instead, he went to Avidya Forest and became a Forest Watcher who had access to plants at all times.
Dawei: Looks like he's a very formidable researcher! That reminds me, we've encountered some Sumeru researchers who are deeply involved in research and are willing to go to great lengths for their reports. So it seems that Tighnari can be seen as young and talented.
Xiao Luohao: Haha, well... A lot of Akademiya researchers seem to think so. They think that Tighnari, as a brilliant student, might be a little overqualified to be a Forest Watcher. But he seems to be very happy with his decision. Tighnari, as an expert Is highly knowledgeable His work ethic is meticulous and rigorous. He cares deeply for his peers and subordinates. He is well regarded among the Forest Rangers as a proper, well-renowned leader. Unlike some pedantic scholars who focus solely on rigid studies and written knowledge, Tighnari is straightforward with his words and gets things done efficiently. At the same time, he is also able to act appropriately according to the situation. With him around, people in danger can get out quickly. And the people who are rescued are usually grateful to him. But among those who have been saved once in a while, there are those who never learn their lesson and always get into trouble. They will carelessly litter and pollute the environment or eat poisonous mushrooms in the forest. For these people, Tighnari will not hesitate to "teach" them a lesson.
Dawei: It sounds like the rainforest and humans are making it hard on each other. And the Forest Watchers must address problems that arise on both sides. They must be very busy.
Xiao Luohao: Yep. Aside from the influence of people, the rainforest has problems of its own, For example: Forest Rangers are dealing with a phenomenon known as "The Withering." It poses a threat to all kinds of plants and animals in the rainforest and even the lives of the humans who pass through it. Only those who have Visions can resist its decaying corrosion. For more stories about "The Withering," you can play through Sumeru's Archon Quests and Tighnari's Story Quest: Vulpes Zerda Chapter to get a better understanding. Our next character, Collei, is a Trainee Forest Ranger.
Dawei: Hmm, sounds like she works for Tighnari, right?
Xiao Luohao: Ah, yes. Collei is a subordinate as well as a studentl Long before joining the Forest Rangers, Collei had a very difficult past. She has experienced illness, experiments, and exile. In the end, she was saved by our valiant Knights of Favonius in Mondstadt. At the time, Lisa, who once studied at the Sumeru Akademiya, got in touch with her teacher. So Collei was brought back to Sumeru by Cyno, an emissary of the Akademiya. And that is how her story goes
Dawei: Wow... Collei has grown a lot! It seems she's matured a lot in Sumeru.
Xiao Luohao: Well, yeah. When one is growing up, there are always challenges. Collei's childhood experiences made her turn out a little bit different. She has a lot of experience in the wild but she lacks fundamental knowledge about human culture. So for Collei right now, she is under Tighnari's tutelage, and learning how to read while taking up forest patrol duties. Collei hopes she can overcome her past and become a kind and warm person who has the ability to help others. Thanks to her hard work, coupled with her master's careful instruction along with the care of her fellow rangers, she is maturing rather quickly.
Dawei: That's a relief! This feeling of moving on to a better future.
Xiao Luohao: Yes. Collei, who is currently with the Forest Rangers, is already a lot different than before. As for what the future holds for her, we invite you to check it out together with us!
Dawei: So, moving on from the Avidya Forest The time has finally come! This city, built around a giant tree must be Sumeru City, right?
Xiao Luohau: Ah, yes. Sumeru City owes its existence to the Divine Tree. It has a multi-layered structure. Let's start at the root of the tree. The first thing we see is a Grand Bazaar with a lively atmosphere. Among these rich array of buildings that are very characteristic of Sumeru are a number of places that you will visit regularly in the future. Some of them are old friends of ours such as the Adventurers' Guild, while others are new faces like the Zubayr Theater, the Puspa Café, and so on.
Dawei: Haha, seems like in a city of academia, a refreshing cup of coffee is essential.
Xiao Luohao: That's right For academic matters, we go up from the Grand Bazaar and finally reach the Akademiya, located in the middle of our tree trunk. Here, you will see lots of researchers who will talk together or think independently. As mentioned in the previous introduction, the Akademiya has Six Darshans, Each of the Six Darshans has their own color and insignia. If you come to the Akademiya and you cannot clearly see which researchers belong to which Darshan, you can identify them by the color of their coat of arms to distinguish between their schools and their colleges.
Dawei: Eh, you make me curious about which college I can join. Earlier you said that the Akademiya was in the central part of the tree trunk. Does that mean there are any other places further up?
Xiao Luohao: Yes. Near the top of the tree, there is a palace off the beaten path. It's located in such a unique place that those of you who might be aware have already made some guesses of your own. But getting into the palace will not be easy. In reality, though Sumeru City is busy and prosperous on the inside, most arriving merchants and travelers might notice that most people in Sumeru City are familiar with the legend of the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, but little is known about the current ruler, the Lesser Lord Kusanali. Sumeru City is under the strict rule of the Akademiya. If you want to do something fun, there may be some limitations and complications there. So, going to another part of Sumeru, Port Ormos, might be a good choice.
Dawei: I heard that Port Ormos is rather different from Sumeru City. It's a very free trading port where large numbers of merchants and sellswords have gathered. Maybe you will hear many new stories from them.
Xiao Luohao: Yes. Port Ormos is a port where much of Sumeru's foreign trade comes and goes. Many merchants from other nations arrive here with their ships. Due to the diverse mix of people in the area, trade is frequent. It is located far from Sumeru City, and the Akademiya's authority over it is a lot less strict. It is a convenient area for underhanded transactions in Sumeru. And we all know that where there is trade, there are also goods.
Dawei: I get it. This is the part where Dori comes in?
Xiao Luohao: Yes, indeed. Here's our amazing Traveling Merchant Dori.
Dawei: Yet another lovely character!
Xiao Luohao: As a trader who loves Mora more than anything, so long as there's Mora in it for her, Dori can handle any kind of business. As long as you buy her goods, she will treat you with great enthusiasm. Dori is very interesting. She carries with her many of Sumeru's "mosts." The most incredible channels, the most fascinating commodities, the most unpredictable hangout spot, and the most outrageous asking price! Even though her asking prices shock customers every time, to get something that one can't get through normal channels, the people of Sumeru always end up coming back to her to do business. Dori is indeed a sales genius. She can use her gift of gab to convince her customers to part with their money. Even the mysterious Jinni in the lamp is willing to help her. In Version 3.0, Sumeru's Archon Quests Act I "Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark" and Act II "The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings" will both be available to play through. And the entire main storyline of Sumeru will take place from Version 3.0 to Version 3.2 and will unfold through these three Versions
Dawei: Oh! So it seems that this storyline is very substantial!
Xiao Luohao: Yes, whether it's for us, the content developers or for Travelers eager to leave for their next stop, we've both entered a new stage in our journey. This is a stage of inheritance, transition, and extension — one that is full of vitality and one that is full of many challenges, of course. We will cling to the same principles that we have always held on to in continuing to explore, to innovate, and do what we can to provide you with richer, better content. We also hope that our players will feel this vitality in this new land, see new possibilities and new connections, and enjoy their journey in Sumeru.
Dawei: Thank you for sharing, Xiao Luohao! I'm sure you've got your first impression of the Land of Dendro. But other than the characters and stories, I'm also curious. While exploring the vast land of Sumeru, what else can we look forward to? Let's delve even further into Sumeru to find out. Next, please join me in exploring the wilderness of the Sumeru region See you soon, Xiao Luohao!
Level Design of Sumeru[]
Dawei: I've kept you two waiting for a long time!
Kawa: Hello, Dawei.
Aqiang: Hello, Dawei.
Dawei: Welcome back, Travelers. We've been talking a lot about the story of Sumeru As well as local conditions and customs Next up, we've invited two members from the production team to take us to explore the nature of Sumeru and tell us a bit about the environment and combat design of this fantastic region. Well, let's meet our two guides.
Kawa, Level Designer: Hello, Travelers. I am Level Designer Kawa.
Aqiang, Combat Designer: Hi, Travelers, I am Combat Designer Aqiang.
Dawei: Well, since you're our guides, where should we begin in terms of understanding Sumeru's world design?
Kawa: Should I start? Okay... as you all know from some of the previous promotional videos there are both rainforests and deserts in Sumeru. And all sorts of exotic places. So, when we were designing the scenery, we had a recurring concept which was to create these relatively contrasting scenery themes in the promotional videos.
Dawei: We have seen a few of them. But what about Version 3.0? In this Version What kind of visual content can Travelers experience?
Kawa: In this Version, we will introduce you to environments with the concept of "forests" at its core. In the creative process, the members of the open world team have used the elements like forest and plants to imagine fantastic environments that provide a different visual perception. Starting from the concept of "forest," we have conceptualized gameplay and exploration that gave us inspirations for new imagery such as life, growth, and fantasy. Of course, not all concepts are positive.
Aqiang: It is natural to think of concepts such as wilting, decay, and death.
Kawa: Indeed. We reflected these keywords in the gameplay and we came up with objects that have three states of transformation. They represent several states of plant growth. Each state has a different way of feedback and interaction, waiting for players to discover.
Dawei: Wait a second. In the preview video, we have seen the concept of polymorphic transformation. But maybe our players are not familiar with it yet. Could you guys elaborate more on this?
Aqiang: The idea of polymorphic transformation is built with the Dendro element in mind and stems from three reactions: Burning, Bloom, and Catalyze. There are a few Dendro objects that you can use Pyro, Hydro, and Electro, to interact with to generate a change in state. This is a unique ecological feature of the Sumeru region.
Dawei: It feels like we have a stronger connection to the scene.
Kawa: Yup. We just talked about the opposing concepts of life and decay. So the next thing we thought about was if it could be the subject of a World Quest? So we came up with a representation of life — the spirits of the forest and "The Withering" which represents decay. The battle between the two is at the heart of the Version 3.0 World Quests.
Aqiang: These spirits look very interesting and the shape of each individual is different.
Dawei: Are they like the humans of Teyvat with their own unique circle of socialization?
Kawa: The origins of these spirits and their way of life are very interesting. But in order to let the players accept the new settings in a more natural way, we will carefully portray the relationship between the spirits and humans of Sumeru. To increase player immersion without even realizing it, you will already be adventuring with these little friends of the forest. Players travel with them through the rainforest, where it rains all year round, an ecology made up of giant mushrooms and a massive mechanical wonder sleeping on the side of the mountain. Every time you step into a new mystery, you'll be sure to encounter more of them. Wherever these spirits encounter their own kind or human inhabitants, there will be more stories.
Dawei: Looks like it's going to be an amazing journey!
Kawa: Don't jump to conclusions just yet. I've got something else to show everyone: a dying forest devoid of any breath of life.
Aqiang: It looks so spooky.
Dawei: Yeah. What's the story behind this place?
Kawa: I don't want to reveal too much just yet. It is up to the players to experience the story for themselves. I can only say that there are many more stories and secrets in the forest waiting to be discovered by you, the Traveler.
Dawei: Okay. Thank you, Kawa and Aqiang, for giving us a glimpse of Sumeru's wilderness scenery. Though, outside the city, there must be occasions where you have to fight. So I would like to ask Aqiang regarding combat in Sumeru. What kind of changes can we expect?
Dendro Element and Combat Design[]
Aqiang: When it comes to changes in combat, we have to look at the Dendro element and reactions related to it. We just spoke about the three reactions related to Dendro with regards to polymorphic transformation: we have encountered the Burning reaction before; the Bloom reaction, produced by Dendro and Hydro; and the Catalyze reaction, produced by Dendro and Electro, will be implemented in Version 3.0.
Kawa: The variations of these two reactions are even more diverse and their effects are also different.
Aqiang: That's right. When creatures are affected by Hydro and Dendro, the "Bloom" reaction will occur, generating a Dendro Core. Only a certain number of Dendro Cores can exist at the same time. If new ones are created, once this limit is reached or if the duration of the existing Dendro Cores ends, the pre-existing Dendro Cores will explode, dealing AoE Dendro DMG. When Dendro Cores come into contact with Pyro, they will trigger "Burgeon," causing even greater AoE Dendro DMG. Electro will cause Dendro Cores to transform into homing Sprawling Shots. If creatures are affected by Electro and Dendro, the "Quicken" reaction will occur which will render them Quickened. When a Quickened entity is attacked by Electro, they will trigger the "Aggravate" reaction, increasing the Electro DMG dealt by this attack. When a Quickened entity is attacked by Dendro, they will trigger the "Spread" reaction, increasing the Dendro DMG dealt by this attack. We believe these new elemental reactions will bring a different combat experience to everyone in Version 3.0. Other than the Dendro Traveler, two new characters, Tighnari and Collei, will also use Dendro in combat.
Dawei: As for their character skills, I'm sure everyone can't wait to find out more. Why don't you tell us more?
Aqiang: Let's start with Tighnari then. Tighnari's Aimed Shot has two Charge Levels and can be charged to fire a Wreath Arrow, which will generate homing Clusterbloom Arrows after hitting. His Elemental Skill creates a Vijnana-Khanda Field that creates mysterious illusions that taunt opponents and decreases the charging time for the next three Wreath Arrows. When Tighnari uses his Elemental Burst, he will fire a great number of homing Tanglevine Shafts. These Tanglevine Shafts will create secondary shots after hitting. Tighnari's Charged Attack and Elemental Burst deal DMG over multiple phases and can deal even more damage with Dendro Elemental Reactions. During exploration, Tighnari's Exploration Talent Shows nearby resources unique to Sumeru on the mini-map. As a Forest Watcher Tighnari naturally has a lot of experience with wilderness adventures
Dawei: It feels like Tighnari's skill effects contain a lot of floral elements, right?
Kawa: Yes. In particular, the effect of his charged arrows.
Aqiang: After all, he's a young man who loves plants! Tighnari's pupil, Collei, is a lovely young lady. When exploring in the wild, she also has her own unique fighting style. Collei's Elemental Skill throws out a Floral Ring that will deal Dendro DMG to opponents as it flies outward and back. Her Elemental Burst will summon a Cuilein-Anbar doll to go jumping around a certain area, dealing continuous Dendro DMG to opponents within it. It's also worth mentioning that one of her Talents, "Gliding Champion of Sumeru," decreases all party members' gliding Stamina consumption.
Dawei: Does Sumeru also have a Gliding Champion?
Kawa: Umm... I don't think so? This may be due to admiration for Amber, which spurred her to practice this skill secretly.
Aqiang: Last but not least, we have our merchant, Dori, who is an Electro support character. Her Elemental Skill fires off Troubleshooter Shots, and upon hitting opponents, creates two homing After-Sales Service Rounds. Her Elemental Burst summons a Jinni that can connect to a nearby character, constantly regenerating their HP and Elemental Energy. When the connector between the Jinni and the character touches opponents, it will deal Electro DMG to them. When Dori crafts Character and Weapon Level-Up Materials, she has a chance to refund a portion of the crafting materials used.
Dawei: Ooh! This is our marvelous Dori. It's no wonder that she has such tricks up her sleeve.
Aqiang: Also, there will be new weapons and artifacts in Version 3.0, including a set of Sumeru-themed weapons that are forgeable and two Artifact Sets: "Deepwood Memories" and "Gilded Dreams" that can be obtained by challenging the new Domain of Blessing, Spire of Solitary Enlightenment.
Dawei: After learning about the new characters and new equipment, should we go out into the wild and try them out in combat?
Aqiang: Well, let's now take a look at the lord of fungal beasts that has a very interesting appearance — the Jadeplume Terrorshroom.
Dawei: It's a Fungus too? Looking at its demeanor and behavior, it looks very majestic and dignified. Comparing it to our usual impression of the cute little fungi, it's completely different.
Kawa: It has the imposing aura of the lord of the forest. Maybe this is what we call a miracle in evolution.
Aqiang: The Jadeplume Terrorshroom has a special "Activated" state. When it is in this state, it will unleash more fearsome attacks until it becomes exhausted. When the Jadeplume Terrorshroom is not Activated, it can be put into a Burning state via the use of Pyro which will cause it to become Scorched, It will then spread spores around to create Fungi in an attempt to escape this status.
Dawei: What an extreme style of combat. But it's pretty interesting. This combat process is rather dynamic and filled with all kinds of changing situations.
Aqiang: The Electro Regisvine is also worth mentioning. It's similar to the Cryo Regisvine we've seen before. However, there are still some differences. The Electro Regisvine can create an organ at its roots or corolla that resembles Electro Cores. When this type of organ starts to shift, it will change the Electro Regisvine's state Condensing into either a Waxing Stamen or a Waning Stamen. When the two types of stamens are present at the same time, they will attract one another and then unleash a powerful electrical explosion when they make contact. Travelers can come and take on the challenge themselves.
Kawa: There are also new Ruin monsters hiding in certain areas of Sumeru such as the Ruin Drake which can periodically release a torrent of energy, and based on the previous main type of Elemental DMG it suffered, increase its own Elemental RES against this element, which makes it a dangerous opponent.
Aqiang: Yup. You may also find never-before-seen enemies in your adventure and intriguing creatures. Travelers can interact with them to find out what happens.
Dawei: Okay. After listening to you I can't wait for the arrival of Version 3.0 so that I can experience it for myself. The team has produced so much content. Do you have something to say to the players watching this?
Aqiang: In Sumeru's open world, there is a lot of very interesting content, be it combat or area-specific gameplay. We all hope that Travelers can reap more fun than before. We also look forward to our content being released to our players soon. The development of Sumeru is also an unforgettable experience for our team.
Kawa: The experiences on this journey Are beautiful memories that we build together with everyone. It is also a unique story dedicated to our Travelers.
Dawei: Thank you both for exploring the wonderful world of Sumeru with us! I think it's time to take a quick break. Let's find out more about the events of Version 3.0 when we come back See you!
Kawa: Bye, Dawei!
Game Events and Wish Banners[]
Dawei: Welcome back to today's Version 3.0 Special Program. Previously, we passed through the dense rainforest, experiencing the profound wisdom of the Land of Dendro, Sumeru, and its mysterious and unique customs.
Aquaria, Combat Designer: Yes, we hope that all Travelers can embark on the journey to Sumeru soon.
Dawei: Right, but before that, let us invite Genshin Impact's Combat Designer, Aquaria, for a chat to find out more about interesting events that we will encounter during our Sumeru journey!
Aquaria: Sure. Hello, Travelers. After arriving at Sumeru, Travelers can also visit various places to experience different event gameplay. For example, Port Ormos, also known as the largest port in Sumeru, has a toy store. The craftsmen in this toy store are preoccupied with the hindered development of new toys. For adults like us who lack childlike innocence, making toys that appeal to children cam be pretty difficult. Therefore, in the "Graven Innocence" event, the Traveler, together with Collei, will explore Sumeru to look for materials and help the craftsmen to gather inspiration. You can obtain "Creative Notes" to exchange for rewards provided by the staff.
Dawei: "Graven Innocence" is very suitable to be completed together with Collei. So it looks like there will be new stories about Collei in the event too!
Aquaria: That's right. In this event, not only are there new stories about Collei. When players experience the tutorial quest of this event, "Meticulous Craftsmanship," they don't have to complete additional criteria and can invite Collei to join their team.
Dawei: You mentioned just now that Collei and the Traveler have to go collect inspiration on toy making. But inspiration is so abstract. How will the inspiration be collected?
Aquaria: Actually, there are many ways to accumulate inspiration. The first method is through snapshots, better known as taking photos. There are various curious creatures in Sumeru, and such fantastic creatures often star in fairy tales. We can take photos of them to serve as reference for the toy models. There are also species rich in the Dendro element that are also worth taking snapshots of. The second method is via challenges, or better known to the player as combat gameplay. Players have to battle two kinds of giant beasts in the wilderness of Sumeru and observe their characteristics to complete certain combat objectives. The unusual evolution of these beasts are full of fantasy elements that are worth studying. The third method is via racing, also known as parkour. In Sumeru's dense forests, players have to sprint and jump to overcome obstacles and hazards while dashing around and collecting Adventure Coins. Everyone can familiarize themselves with the topography of Sumeru's rainforests. The last method is for players to carry out combat with more new opponents. Through these battles, players can better understand and experience the ecology of Sumeru's wilderness and try out the new Elemental Reaction effects. In this challenge when triggering different reactions such as Catalyze and Bloom, unique shockwaves will be generated to help everyone complete the challenge.
Dawei: Looks like these gameplay methods are mostly in Sumeru's wilderness. In this way, Travelers will be able to get a better understanding of Sumeru.
Aquaria: Yes, via snapshots, challenges, racing and using new Elemental Reactions in combat. Such gameplay methods will allow everyone to familiarize themselves quickly with Sumeru's wilderness environment and combat methods. Travelers can also collect Items called "Whimsical Drafts" and hand them over to the shop staff to exchange for precious Carving
Components. Assemble these components to obtain an adorable forest spirit woodcarving that can be displayed on the event's furnishing stand. We hope they will let the children smile brightly again.
Dawei: Wow, it's an event filled with childlike wonder! That is in line with the impression that Sumeru gives the fantastical impression that this has given me, gives off the feeling of being in a fairy tale.
Aquaria: Yes. Other than the events mentioned, there are also some challenge events that will provide novel and intriguing combat experiences for players. For example, the event we are going to introduce next is the "Fayz Trials" event. In this event, we have put together a whole trial party for you. These teams do not require players to build their characters sufficiently. Also, in these Event Domains, players can use a special potion. Such potions allow your mind to be so extremely sharp that you can observe a fantastic scene where time almost stops amid combat.
Dawei: Eh? Can we take this chance To launch a sneak attack?
Aquaria: Haha, actually in such a state, both the character and opponent are static. However, players can use the Viewfinder to capture your opponent's weaknesses and use certain special skills. When the weaknesses captured reach a certain number, the power of such special skills will be enhanced. By continuously defeating opponents, players can accumulate Fayz Tinctures and obtain up to 3 uses of the Fayz Potion. In addition, some monsters have special golden weaknesses. Capturing these weaknesses will also significantly increase the accumulated value of Fayz Tinctures. Other than "Fayz Trials," there is also an event in Version 3.0 — a challenge event where you can randomly draw for buff effects called "Tablet Analytics." In this event, players can form their own party. And the system also provides some trial characters for you to choose from. There are three rounds of challenges in each trial. During the challenge, every time players use the special mechanism, it will randomly activate one or more buff effects. During the challenge, we also need to defeat as many opponents as possible to gain points and obtain the corresponding medal. Besides the fast-paced combat challenges, our old friend, Ulman, is back with the "Lost Riches" event in Version 3.0. This time Travelers can meet up with Ulman again and work together with his Mini Seelie. When Travelers bring the Seelie along to search for treasure, they can look at Ulman's Treasure Map and head to the place where the treasure is buried. First, players have to help the Seelie absorb elemental energy and following its guidance, dif for treasure. Other than rewards available from the treasure hunt itself, Ancient Iron Coins dug out can be used to redeem for other rewards. Of course Everyone can also select a Mini Seelie of their desired color and redeem it. After equipping it, if will become a companion on your travels. Lastly, in Version 3.0, we will also be seeing another return of the Ley Line Overflow event. Don't miss out, Travelers. This is an event where players have been anticipating, to farm for resources.
Dawei: The Ley Line Overflow event should be of great help in building characters.
Aquaria: Absolutely.
Dawei: Oh! Let's not forget about the new version's Character Event Wishesl Aquaria, do you mind introducing them too?
Aquaria: Haha! I was wondering why you haven't asked about the Character Event Wishes. Alright. Let's take a look at the new version's Character Event Wishes to see which characters will be making an appearance. In Phase 1 of Version 3.0's Character Wishes, the new character Tighnari will appear in the event wish "Viridescent Vigil" and will enjoy a boosted drop rate. In Character Event Wish-2, in the same phase Zhongli will be making his return. The new character Collei will also enjoy a boosted drop rate in these two characters' wish banners. Just as a reminder to everyone, Tighnari is not an event-exclusive character. After the Version 3.1 update, he will be featured in the Standard Wish. In Phase 2 of Character Wishes, our old friends Ganyu and Sangonomiya Kokomi will have their reruns. The new character Dori will also appear in these two characters' wish banners in Phase 2, in which she will receive a huge drop-rate boost.
Dawei: Okay. Thank you, Aquaria, for sharing so much event content with us, all at one go. I have one final question. In Version 3.0 regarding system updates and future plans, can you give a sneak peek to our Travelers?
Aquaria: Of course. Our System Designer colleagues have also prepared some content regarding optimizations and updates. Firstly, for Travelers busy farming in Domains of Blessing, we have some good news to share with everyone: all 5-star Artifacts that were updated before Version 1.2 can now be obtained via conversion through the Mystic Offering system! In the Mystic Offering system, with every three 5-star Artifacts you sacrifice, you can create a designated Artifact Strongbox and obtain a 5-star artifact from a specific set. Also, in this new version, we have also prepared three new gadgets "The Boon of the Elder Tree, "Ultra-Hot Burner Lamp Test Model," and "Fishing Line Stabilizer." After using "The Boon of the Elder Tree," Travelers can obtain wood materials from nearby trees. Consume ore using the "Ultra-Hot Burner Lamp Test Model" to increase the efficiency of processing food. The "Fishing Line Stabilizer" can be used based on the number of fish caught in the past. When you are within the Ideal Tension Zone Different, levels of buff effects are provided.
Dawei: Wow, that sounds convenient. We hope our optimizations can help to enhance players' experience, allowing for a more enjoyable adventure.
Aquaria: That's right. At the same time, we have news about future versions. The duration of Versions 3.0 to 3.2. Will be adjusted to five weeks. We will also adjust the version content plan correspondingly without reducing the gameplay content of each version.
Music Production[]
Dawei: Alright. Actually I have more information to share about the new area. With Version 3.0's arrival, Sumeru's music and the map will be released concurrently. I believe that in the previous promotional videos, everyone has had your first impression of the music in Sumeru. Moving forward, we have prepared a live recording of Sumeru's music. Let's immerse ourselves in Sumeru's music.
Aquaria: Sumeru's music exudes a very distinct flavor.
Dawei: Agreed. Genshin Impact's music production team, HOYO-MiX, has teamed up with the London Symphony Orchestra and folk musicians. We have overcome the pandemic and time zone differences to complete the recording of Sumeru's music together. We took a foundation of orchestral music and incorporated many unique traditional instruments such as the oud, Sitar Bansuri, and more. We will also release the behind-the-scenes of Sumeru's music album and music production. We hope that after entering Version 3.0, players will be able to feel a distinct musical style difference Between Mondstadt, Liyue, and Inazuma. Furthermore, during Version 3.0, we will also release the version trailer-themed album "Footprints of the Traveler." This album features splendid tracks composed by @HOYO-MiX, each one an original composition for the version trailers of Genshin Impact since Version 1.1. This new album is also a culmination of memories shared between Genshin Impact and Travelers. In the future, we will continue to travel together hand in hand on a never-ending adventure! Meeting new companions aside, there are new encounters to be explored which are eternal themes in an adventure story. We hope that in your journey to Sumeru, Travelers will still be surprised and touched by what we have to offer. Every content sharing session is a process of experience and growth for us. Besides repeatedly refining content to present to our players, we also hope to convey our love for Genshin Impact and games to each and every one of you watching this. Although today's program has come to an end, the Traveler's adventure knows no bounds. Let us meet again in a new chapter of the story. Goodbye, Travelers!
OverviewCultureHistoryDesignGallery
See also: Timeline
A timeline of historical events in the Sumeru region. Due to a lack of relative dates, most of Sumeru's pre-cataclysm lore cannot be verifiably categorized and have been placed in the earliest reasonable timeframe.
References are provided as much as possible. Notes expand on the deduction and reasoning used to draw certain conclusions, which can be read either by hovering over (desktop-only) or clicking on the note. Some specific types of notes found on the page:
Lore Discrepancy: When information provided in the game is self-contradictory, retroactively changed, or contradicts information from outside media (such as the manga), it is considered a lore discrepancy. This is different from a translation discrepancy, in which information is contradictory or misleading due to inaccuracies in localization. In the case of a lore discrepancy between in-game information and outside media, the in-game information always takes priority.
Translation Note: Used when the original Chinese text and then official English localization do not match, or if something is clearer in Chinese. In the case of a translation discrepancy, the original Chinese text always takes priority.
Assumptions: To make sense of the lore — which the miHoYo writers often deliberately obscure by withholding critical information until later versions, giving contradictory evidence, and scattering information across various item sets — editors will sometimes make assumptions to determine the order of events or connect pieces of lore together. However, they may be obsoleted and proven incorrect by new lore and story. These notes serve as a disclaimer, and expand on the editors' reasoning for their conclusions.
If you have any proposed changes for the timeline, please leave a comment and cite your evidence.
Contents
1 The Old World
2 The Great War
3 The Interim Period
4 The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)
4.1 Ay-Khanoum
4.2 Dharma Forest
4.3 King Deshret's Civilization
4.4 Gurabad
4.5 City-States Era
5 Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)
6 Pre-Cataclysm
7 The Cataclysm (500 years ago)
7.1 Girdle of the Sands
8 Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)
9 Recent Past (<100 years ago)
10 Present Day
11 Notes
11.1 Lore Discrepancies
11.2 Translation Notes
11.3 Editors' Assumptions
12 References
13 Navigation
The Old World[]
Main article: Timeline § The Old World
The Dendro Dragon, Apep, presumably ruled Sumeru as a member of the Seven Sovereigns.[1]
The Great War[]
Main article: Timeline § The Great War
The term "great war" is derived from Neuvillette's Vision Character Story, which refers to a "great war of vengeance" which badly wounded the Heavenly Principles.
A member of the original Seelie race, heavily implied to be Nabu Malikata, survives the downfall of the Seelie race.[2][3]
The Interim Period[]
Main article: Timeline § The Interim Period
While not formally established as its own period in time, Liyue lore indicates there was a stretch of peacetime between the Great War and the Archon War. 
Note: It is unclear when the civilization of the three God-Kings, its destruction, and the span of various human city-states existed beyond "thousands of years ago," so they have been tentatively placed under the The Interim Period.
As the avatar of Irminsul, Greater Lord Rukkhadevata presumably came into existence at some point in time long in the past.[4][Assumption 1]
According to legend, King Deshret was a "son of the sky,"[5] but he was born after the fall of the Seelie and the Moon Sisters and only learned of their stories from an unspecified woman (likely Nabu Malikata or Greater Lord Rukkhadevata).[6][Lore Discrepancy 1]
The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)[]
Main article: Timeline § The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)
Nabu Malikata, Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, and King Deshret befriend each other and become known as the God-Kings of Sumeru.[2][3][7]
At some point in time, Nabu Malikata foresaw the coming of the cataclysm. She creates a shard of Khvarena and leaves it in the care of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata.[8]
Rukkhadevata would turn the shard into the divine bird Simurgh. She charged Simurgh with "the guardianship of the border between new birth and death".[8]
Ay-Khanoum[]
Nabu Malikata, King Deshret, and Greater Lord Rukkhadevata — collectively known as the three God-Kings of Sumeru — build Ay-Khanoum, the "City of Amphitheaters." Its name means "City of the Moon Maiden" in the ancient language of the Jinn.[9][10]
Nabu Malikata is said to have an "amicable relationship" with the Jinn.[10]
According to some legends, King Deshret captured the Jinn in magic bottles marked by his seal, although the Jinn were also his willing servants in his cause of conquering the world. He created Ay-Khanoum as a city for the Jinn, while they created the entrance to the Mausoleum of King Deshret.[9][Lore Discrepancy 2]
Nabu Malikata dies "due to the malice of the burning sun and yellow sand"[10] and the city of Ay-Khanoum is destroyed.[11][12]
Nabu Malikata desired a "spectacular death" so that the bitterness of her death would preserve her legacy forever. King Deshret, who was enamored with her, never realized this,[13] sending him into an obsessive spiral over the shared vision the three God-Kings once had.[11]
The "promised land of 'Valivija'" is buried by the desert sands, which may correspond with Ay-Khanoum.[12]
Following the fall of Ay-Khanoum and the death of Nabu Malikata, King Deshret and Greater Lord Rukkhadevata parted ways to create their own civilizations.[12][14]
Dharma Forest[]
Note: Events in this section are currently assumed to be concurrent with King Deshret's Civilization and Gurabad.
After separating from King Deshret, Greater Lord Rukkhadevata comes to the East of the Great Red Sand and creates the Varuna Contraption that terraforms part of desert into a rainforest.[14][15][Note 1]
At the border between the forest and the desert, the Wall of Samiel was erected to prevent the forest from undergoing desertification.
After the forest labyrinth was created, the lord of the forest Viaghara was born from the moon's reflection on the water, resembling a tiger in shape.[16]
With the help of her followers, who would go on to establish the Amurta Darshan of Sumeru Akademiya, Rukkhadevata developed a flourishing rainforest. Sumeru City was built on the Divine Tree, a particularly massive tree located in Sumeru's forest region, and the sages of Sumeru Akademiya assisted Rukkhadevata in managing the nation's affairs.[17]
Rukkhadevata also created the Aranara, small plantlike creatures with the ability to control dreams.[18]
Thousands of years ago ― Rukkhadevata briefly returns to the desert to help rescue King Deshret's people from the effects of forbidden knowledge, and creates the Akasha System to help combat it by uniting the people's wisdom.[4] However, the endeavor exhausts much of her strength and shrinks her into the stature of a child.[19]
King Deshret's Civilization[]
While Rukkhadevata creates a rainforest in a corner of the desert, Deshret continues ruling over the Great Red Sand.
Thousands of years ago ― King Deshret eventually succumbs to the "poison" of forbidden knowledge.[6][19][Lore Discrepancy 3]
The forbidden knowledge brings calamities upon Sumeru. "People's minds were filled with crazed whispers, dark gray scales spread across their bodies, even the land was stripped of its vigor."[19]
King Deshret asks Greater Lord Rukkhadevata for help, for the sake of their mutual friend.[6] The Lord of Verdure gathered the priests, instructing them to build temples and creating Aaru Village as the last bastion of Deshret's civilization. She also expended a great deal of her power to suppress forbidden knowledge and regressed into a childlike form. Even this, however, was not enough; in the end, Deshret sacrificed himself to finally put an end to it.[19]
King Deshret's civilization fell and splintered into many smaller, human-led city-states.[20][21]
Gurabad[]
The vassal city-state of Gurabad rises after the death of Nabu Malikata, during what is known as the vassal states era.[12][22][Lore Discrepancy 4]
The story of Gurabad is first known with the vassal king Ormazd Shah. Ormazd has 300 kins, one of them is Shirin, the half-fairy daughter of him and the fairy foremother Liloufar. Liloufar's three prophecies and three admonitions later become the ultimate destruction of Gurabad.
Ormazd adopts Kisra, and give him the surname "Parvez" for his enormous campaign.[12]
Kisra Parvez and Shirin are married, though their marriage is not a happy one.[23]
Shirin and Kisra murder Ormazd and his 300 heirs, and Kisra takes the title of the vassal king. He adds the name "ravan" to his bestowed surname, and now his name is Kisra Parvezravan.[12][23]
The son of Parvezravan and Shirin is born, and is named Shiruyeh. Fearing Liloufar's admonitions, Parvezravan banishes his son, forces him to cover his face, and forbids him to set foot into Gurabad.[23]
Shirin disguises herself as a divine princess of the temple to the moon goddess, and gives Shiruyeh false divination to confront Parvezravan. After that, Shiruyeh assassinates his father, claims the throne, and is forgiven by his mother.[23]
The reign of Shiruyeh does not last long, as he is forever tormented by inescapable nightmares, until one day he fell into a great black chasm during one such frenzy. After that, a great plague emerged from that chasm, and Gurabad, without its king, collapses due to the calamity and the sand.[23]
The fate of Shirin is questionable: some people say that she was subdued by King Deshret, while others say that she is still searching for her son until today.[23]
City-States Era[]
Thousands of years ago, after the extermination of forbidden knowledge[20] ― Somehow, a man known as Shah Ramshahr comes to be credited with building the seven towers that were built during the eradication of forbidden knowledge. The towers, which are only known to have been built at the time of King Deshret's death, come to be known as the "Towers of Betrayal."[24]
According to inscriptions in the desert, seven cities were built around the seven towers, among which included Ay-Khanoum (which was apparently rebuilt after its initial destruction), Gurabad (a rebuilt version), Saleh, and Tulaytullah.[25]
Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)[]
2000 years ago — The Archon War comes to an end as the final divine seat in Celestia is claimed, cementing the positions of The Seven's original members.[26][27] Defeated gods who refused to live under The Seven's rule fled to islands in the Dark Sea, where they became evil gods.[28]
Pre-Cataclysm[]
Slightly over 500 years ago ― Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter moves from Mondstadt to Sumeru to study at Sumeru Akademiya.[29][30][31]
The Cataclysm (500 years ago)[]
500 years ago ― The previous Dendro Archon, Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, disappears during the cataclysm.[32][33]
The king of the forest Viaghara dies protecting the forests. His successors today are Rishboland Tigers.[34]
Girdle of the Sands[]
Greater Lord Rukkhadevata travelled to Tunigi Hollow, where abyssal monsters were active. The former Hydro Archon Egeria's remains formed the Amrita Pool. In order to anchor Egeria into the mortal realm, Rukkhadevata grew the Harvisptokhm.
Simurgh finally awakes from its slumber. As destined, Simurgh drank the Amrita, purifying it from the abyss and sacrificed itself. Simurgh's form was shattered into countless Khvarena, the most sentient of which became the Pari.[35]
Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)[]
<500 years ago, October 27 ― Following the cataclysm, Lesser Lord Kusanali is born and rises to the position of Dendro Archon to replace Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, who disappeared during the chaos.[36]
Following the events of Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises when the memories of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata were erased from Teyvat, Lesser Lord Kusanali is believed by all, including herself, to have always been the original Dendro Archon, and that she lost all of her memories and knowledge during the cataclysm, resulting in her imprisonment by the sages.
>400 years ago ― The Temple of Silence, an organization hailing from the desert that were responsible for knowledge from the era of King Deshret, departs the rainforest due to the corruption of the sages back to the desert, and settle into a large underground temple in Thamud Oasis.[37]
Upon their departure, the Akademiya, seeking to cover up their departure, creates a front organization that is responsible for the custody and disposal of information and documents not fit for public dissemination.
200 years ago ― The most talented scholar of Sumeru Akademiya (before Lisa) graduates.[38]
>120 years ago, August 20 ― Faruzan is born.
>100 years ago ― Faruzan is trapped within ruins related to King Deshret's civilization and was unable to escape until a century later.
Recent Past (<100 years ago)[]
Note: The bullets below are arranged in order of relative reverse chronological order, estimated based on characters' apparent ages.
20 years ago ― Kaveh's Father, a scholar from the Rtawahist and an employee of the Akademiya, enters the Interdarshan Championship to win the Diadem of Knowledge for his son. Sometime after entering the championship, he encounters Sachin and is influenced by his words, soon after returning home to tell his family that he is going into the desert and venturing out to Aaru Village, where supports the villagers financially and medically. He eventually comes across a caravan stuck in quicksand and dies saving them, with his family learning of his death soon after.
Kaveh reached schooling age and enrolled into the Kshahrewar after passing the entrance exams.[39][Assumption 2]
? years ago[Assumption 3] ― A certain youth attends Sumeru Akademiya, hoping to further his research on creating "enhanced humans" despite rejection from his peers and teachers. Pierro tracks him down while following rumors about heresy and recruits him into the Fatui as the Harbinger Il Dottore.[40]
? years ago, May 8 ― Collei is born in Sumeru[41] with the disease of Eleazar and is given to a seer named Barnabas[42] for treatment. Unbeknownst to her parents, however, Barnabas is an agent of the Fatui and turns Collei into a test subject for their Archon Residue experiments.[43][44]
? years ago ― Lisa graduates from the Spantamad Darshan[45] after only two years of study. Disillusioned with the Akademiya's atmosphere, she returns to Mondstadt and joins the Knights of Favonius.[46]
? years ago ― 100 years after she trapped within the desert ruins, Faruzan finally escapes, and found in a Sumeru forest with a Vision in hand.[47]
? years ago ― Cyno studies under the same master as Lisa.[48]
? years ago ― Faranak leaves for Fontaine for employment. Kaveh met Alhaitham, and they became friends.[39][49]
Kaveh and Alhaitham begin the joint project "Decoding the Runes and Architectural Philosophy of the Ruins of King Deshret's Civilization," and their respective contributions contributed greatly to academic research and developments in language and architecture.
Kaveh and Alhaitham have a falling out and their friendship comes to an end. They clash in academic journals for some time after this, criticizing each other's perspective. Their collaborative project also comes to a halt due to a lack of a shared vision between the collaborators.
? years ago ― The Six Sages become more radical in their belief that the arts are meaningless, and society follows suit, resulting in the marginalization of people that worked in art-related fields in Sumeru.[50]
<4 years ago ― The following events presumably occur sometime between 4 years ago and the present. The events are listed in a tentative chronological order, but there is no confirmation on when exactly they occurred relative to the present.
Last Ludi Harpastum (~1 year to 6 months ago)[Note 2] ― The events of the manga's main story, set in Mondstadt, occur. At the end of the story, Collei leaves Mondstadt with Cyno to go to Sumeru.[51]
Kaveh is commissioned by Dori to design and build The Palace of Alcazarzaray. The first version of the palace is destroyed by The Withering 70% into its completion. The Forest Rangers show up and clear away The Withering Zone. Kaveh and Tighnari meet each other around this time.[Assumption 4][52]
Kaveh sells his home and all of his possessions to fund 70% of the construction of the second Palace of Alcazarzaray, with Dori covering the rest. Kaveh gains his Dendro Vision after transferring his assets.[53]
After overspending on the project, there was still Mora to be repaid, and Dori convinces Kaveh to foot the bill, resulting in his bankruptcy and debt. Kaveh gains nationwide fame in Sumeru as a result of completing this project and Kaveh spends a fortnight in Lambad's Tavern due to his homelessness before reuniting with Alhaitham. Alhaitham invites Kaveh to move in with him after this encounter.
Kaveh designed and built Mehrak using a machine core excavated from King Deshret's kingdom.[54]
Present Day[]
Version 2.6 Event, Marvelous Merchandise ― Liben heads to Sumeru to trade, but quickly leaves after seeing the arrival of "strange folks", sensing an "ominous air" surrounding the nation.
Version 2.8 Event, Summertime Odyssey ― According to Chevka, one of the Harbingers — likely Il Dottore — discovered in Sumeru a way to connect people's minds through the means of "certain technologies" (the Akasha).[55]
Notes[]
↑ The Chinese description for The Coordinates of Sun and Rain details: 依照传说，司草木的女神在沙漠的一角唤出能召来甘霖的精灵，名之曰「法留纳」亦即「水天」。 "According to legend, the goddess who controlled plants summoned, in a part of the desert, a spirit of sweet rains, whose name was Varuna, or "Water-Sky.""
↑ Crepus' death occurs 3 years before the manga's events while Diluc's character stories place it 4 years before the game's story, making the manga set roughly a year before the game. However, according to Diluc's stories, he returned to Mondstadt after Varka left on his expedition, making his return occur sometime within 6 months before the game's story. The message on the Cat's Tail Message Board about Collei says she was seen at the "last Ludi Harpastum" before the game's story, with no indication of how long ago it occurred.
Lore Discrepancies[]
↑ The narrative in The Lay of Al-Ahmar suggests that he once lived in Celestia. However, this is not corroborated by the narrative of The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle (which states that he learned the story of the Moon Sisters from the Jinn) or the description of Staff of the Scarlet Sands (which is narrated from Deshret's point of view and says that "she" — either Nabu Malikata or Greater Lord Rukkhadevata — told him the story instead).
↑ Because The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle is a story of unknown and unverifiable origin and excludes any mention of Nabu Malikata, it is highly likely that some of its contents are inaccurate. The wiki currently assumes that Oasis Garden's Mourning's description is more accurate in its depiction of Ay-Khanoum's history.
↑ The Lay of Al-Ahmar suggests that King Deshret heeds the three retainers, builds a great maze for hundreds years, and the kingdom collapses after one night. Since the description of the book states that the information is questionable, the information from the Archon Quest takes advantage.
↑ According to The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin, Gurabad was part of a vassal states era which drew to an end after King Deshret and the Sage-King of the Greenwood (presumably Greater Lord Rukkhadevata) regathered their subjects and recreated their oasis paradise. There is currently insufficient information to confirm or deny its account of the timeline, although there has been no indication of a second Deshret-Rukkhadevata civilization.
Translation Notes[]
Editors' Assumptions[]
↑ Given that Sal Vindagnyr, a Divine Envoy era civilization, fell after its ancient white tree (presumably similar to, or a branch of, Irminsul) was destroyed by the Skyfrost Nail, it can be assumed that Irminsul also existed during that era. However, this does not indicate when exactly Rukkhadevata came into existence.
↑ Kaveh’s second Character Story explains that he reached schooling age and enrolled into the Akademiya around the time his father died. While his father is confirmed to have died 20 years ago in the event story A Parade of Providence, the vague wording could imply that Kaveh reached schooling age several months to a year after his fathers death.
↑ Il Dottore attended Sumeru Akademiya at some point in the past, but the exact timeframe cannot be determined and the existence of his Segments leaves his actual age a mystery. Until more information is given, the wiki assumes he attended Sumeru Akademiya within the past 100 years.
↑ It is unclear when the two met. Alhaitham claims in his "About Tighnari" voice-over that Tighnari was part of the Forest Ranger groups that cleared away the initial Withering incident, which would suggest that they met then, but Tighnari implies in his own "About Kaveh" voice-over that he knew Kaveh before the incident, as Kaveh asked him for advice on ornamental flora to use for the project during its planning stage.
References[]
↑ Story Quest, Nahida, Sapientia Oromasdis Chapter: Act II - Homecoming, Part 2: What Shape Does the Self Hold
↑ 2.0 2.1 World Quest, Aranyaka: Part III - Nursery of Lost Dreams, Part 2: For the Children of the PastArama: Seelies are just empty husks that race left behind. This is because they were born with a curse: If they fall in love with Nara, they shall lose their intelligence and strength, and their bodies will regress.Arama: There was once a survivor of that race deep within the golden desert who was friends with Queen Aranyani and ruler of Valuka.
↑ 3.0 3.1 Book: Scroll of Streaming Song
↑ 4.0 4.1 Archon Quest, Chapter III, Act V - Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises, Part 4: Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies
↑ Item: The Lay of Al-Ahmar
↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 Weapon: Staff of the Scarlet Sands
↑ Artifact Set: Gilded Dreams
↑ 8.0 8.1 Artifact Set: Vourukasha's Glow
↑ 9.0 9.1 Item: The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle
↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 Weapon Ascension Material: Oasis Garden's Mourning
↑ 11.0 11.1 Weapon Ascension Material: Dream of Scorching Might
↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 12.3 12.4 12.5 Book: The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin, Vol. 1
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Oasis Garden's Truth
↑ 14.0 14.1 Weapon Ascension Material: Olden Days of Scorching Might
↑ One-Time Domain Entrance Description: The Coordinates of Sun and Rain
↑ Artifact, Deepwood Memories: Laurel Coronet
↑ YouTube: Version 3.0 Special Program (Timestamp: 7m 54s)
↑ Loading Screen Tip: Aranara
↑ 19.0 19.1 19.2 19.3 Archon Quest, Chapter III, Act IV - King Deshret and the Three Magi, Part 3: Secret of the Scorching Desert
↑ 20.0 20.1 Weapon: Key of Khaj-Nisut
↑ Weapon: Xiphos' Moonlight
↑ Quest Item: Transparent Ruins Record (I)
↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 23.3 23.4 23.5 Book: The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin, Vol. 2
↑ Viewpoint: Towers of Betrayal
↑ Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, Mausoleum of King Deshret, East (Underground)
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 2: Equilibrium
↑ Zhongli's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Bit of Aerosiderite
↑ Artifact Set: Defender's Will
↑ Weapon: Elegy for the End
↑ Quest Item: Funerary Mask
↑ YouTube: Sumeru Preview Teaser 03: Prelude to Wisdom
↑ Artifact, Viridescent Venerer: Viridescent Venerer's Determination
↑ Item: The Folio of Foliage
↑ World Quest, Khvarena of Good and Evil, Part 1: The Splendorous Sky That Day
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 3: Solitary Fragrance
↑ Story Quest Act, Cyno, Lupus Aureus Chapter: Act II: Oathkeeper
↑ Lisa's Character Story: Character Details
↑ 39.0 39.1 Kaveh's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ Artifact, Pale Flame: Wise Doctor's Pinion
↑ Collei's Official Introduction: To grow is to conquer the past
↑ Manga, Chapter 11: Serpent's Dance (Part 1)
↑ Manga, Chapter 3: Lost and Found (Part 2)
↑ Manga, Chapter 12: Unshrouded Resolution (Part 2)
↑ Layla's Voice-Over: About Lisa
↑ Lisa's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ Faruzan's Character Story: Vision
↑ Cyno's Voice-Over: About Lisa
↑ Kaveh's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Kaveh's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ Chinese Manga, Chapter 16: 添酒
↑ Kaveh's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ Kaveh's Character Story: Vision
↑ Kaveh's Character Story: Old Sketchbook
↑ Event Summertime Odyssey World Quest, The Scattered Past: The Discarded Insignia
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
OverviewCultureHistoryDesignGallery
Under the guidance of Lesser Lord Kusanali, the God of Wisdom, Sumeru's culture primarily revolves around studying and research.
Contents
1 Life in Sumeru
1.1 Education
1.2 Cuisine
1.3 Economy
2 Designs, Motifs, and Symbols
2.1 Character Cards
2.1.1 Rainforest
2.1.2 Desert
3 Families and Lineages
4 Fashion
4.1 Men's Clothing
4.2 Women's Clothing
4.3 Sumeru Akademiya Uniform
4.4 Forest Ranger's Uniform
4.5 Eremite Attire
4.6 Corps of Thirty Uniform
5 Festivals and Holidays
5.1 Sabzeruz Festival
6 Politics
7 Notes
8 References
9 Navigation
Life in Sumeru[]
As the nation that houses Sumeru Akademiya, Teyvat's largest known academic center, much of what is known about Sumeru is set in the context of the Akademiya.
People in Sumeru value rationality and wisdom, and the fact that many adults in Sumeru do not have dreams is in fact a source of pride for them. Knowledge was originally managed as a resource through a device known as the Akasha system, which is powered by the Gnosis of the previous Dendro Archon, Greater Lord Rukkhadevata.[1] The people of Sumeru frequently used to use their Akasha Terminals to find information, and essentially every adult had one; children do not. After the suspension of the Akasha System, the people of Sumeru were now able to dream once more.
While humans are predominant, there are also a few humanoid races living in Sumeru; the only known group so far is Tighnari's kind, known as the Valuka Shuna, who are considered to be a rare sight. The Jinni, a race of spirits from the desert oases, and the Aranara, a race of forest spirits, also live in Sumeru. The Pari, a race of avian flower-like spirits, dwell in the Girdle of the Sands.
Sumeru has both forest and desert. Originally the entire nation was forest, but after the dropping of a Divine Nail, a large amount of the land was terraformed into desert. The desert is said to be a harsh place, an endless expanse of sand, scorching sun and sandstorms. It is filled with ruins from both Khaenri'ah and King Deshret's time. Like Khaenri'ah, King Deshret's civilization was highly advanced for its time, as they had the capability to create Primal Constructs, along with colossal structures such as The Mausoleum of King Deshret and the irrigation system in the present-day Desert of Hadramaveth that are in relatively good condition even after centuries buried beneath the sands.
In the deserts of Sumeru, some Eremites live in tribes. The only tribe the Traveler encounters is the Tanit, which they and Jeht destroyed as a result of Babel's machinations. There are three other known tribes; the Afiyah, who were briefly seen working with Aderfi, and the Uzza and Shimti tribes, which have yet to appear in-game.
Education[]
Main article: Sumeru Akademiya
Education can take an extremely long time at Sumeru Akademiya, despite being renowned across Teyvat. Lisa, the most talented student to attend in two hundred years, managed to graduate in merely two years;[2] most other students are not nearly so lucky.
The unnamed author (most likely Gregor) of a certain message on the Cat's Tail Message Board was selected by a sage at the Akademiya and has gone to study there, but expresses regret that his parents will be old by the time he graduates. His message suggests he has recently come of age, putting him around 18 years old; assuming his parents are in their mid-40s to early 50s, this means his education will likely take somewhere around 15 to 20 years. This is corroborated by Hosseini's dialogue, in which he claims he is "not even 30 yet" and that being an undergraduate at his age is not uncommon.
Lisa mentions feeling disillusioned with its workaholic culture, citing it as the reason for why she became so lazy after returning from Sumeru Akademiya.[3]
Cuisine[]
Sumeru cuisine generally revolves around spicy foods, especially curry. The forests and deserts of Sumeru also contain many edible flowers, mushrooms, fruits and nuts, which are used in their cuisine.
Economy[]
Knowledge is generally seen as both a measure of wealth and privileges in Sumeru, as there is a thriving black market in the nation for those who wish to acquire Knowledge Capsules, which allow the user to access the knowledge within without prior vetting. Dori and the Eremites are known to sell them to customers, which often consist of researchers from the Akademiya.
Shaggy Sumpter Beasts are also a way to measure wealth in Sumeru, likely due to the prevalent role they play in transporting goods, particularly across harsh areas like deserts.
Port Ormos is Sumeru's main port, where foreigners from other nations come to buy and sell goods.
Other traded goods include crocodile produces, spices and essential oils for beauty products. In the Desert of Hadramaveth, Eremite tribes conduct trade with merchants who proceed to sell the goods in the city, who likewise bring them goods from there.
Designs, Motifs, and Symbols[]
Character Cards[]
The overall shape of Sumeru Character Cards is a large circle with a darker crescent covering the upper part of the circle. To either side of the crescent's inner edge are circles with symbols, which varies based on the character's overall affiliation with either the rainforest or the desert.
Rainforest[]
Those affiliated with Sumeru's rainforest region have a total of six circles, each with a different design, representing the Six Darshans of the Sumeru Akademiya:
Bottom left is a horse with an hourglass, the symbol of Vahumana
Middle left appears to be a bird — possibly a simurgh, huma, or griffin — with a wheat stalk, the symbol of Amurta
Top left is a lion with an Ionic column, the symbol of Kshahrewar
Top right is an elephant, the symbol of Rtawahist
Middle right is a tree branching into a peacock, the symbol of Spantamad
Bottom right is a bull with a scroll, the symbol of Haravatat
Arabesque-like patterns are also prominent in the background, alongside Moroccan trellis patterns (or quatrefoils) which can be seen towards the bottom of the Cards. The trellis is more obvious on the Chinese Character Cards (see Collei's official Chinese introduction).
Desert[]
Those affiliated with the desert region (Candace, Dehya and Sethos) of Sumeru have four circles, reflecting the four ministers of King Deshret. Although Cyno was born in the desert, he uses the rainforest card background as he was raised within the Akademiya,
Bottom left is an Ammit (crocodile) head (from the Chinese and Japanese Character Card, it is apparent that the figure lacks pointed ears, which rules out a jackal or Anubis head)
Top left is a ram's head
Top right is a bird, most likely either an African sacred ibis or an Egyptian vulture
Bottom right is a scorpion
The background features hieroglyphic and Egyptian designs.
Collei's Character CardDori's Character CardCandace's Character CardDehya's Character Card
Families and Lineages[]
In Sumeru, people may derive their surnames from their ancestors. Descendants' surnames will prefix their ancestor's name with Pur (Persian: پور "son"; Chinese: 普尔); Anisa's full name is Anisa Purbiruni, where "Purbiruni" (Chinese: 普尔比鲁尼) is derived from the great sage Biruni who lived 500 years ago.[4] Based on the previous example, "Pursina" (Chinese: 普尔希娜) may be a surname used by descendants of a woman named Sina.[Note 1] The Traveler mentions that this practice might not necessarily imply biological descent, but also be a form of admiration for the sages of old and imply following in their footsteps.[5]
Fashion[]
Men's Clothing[]
Boys' attire (Isak)Men's attire, version 1 (Hosseini)Men's attire, version 2 (Gulabgir)Men's attire, version 3 (Jut)Men's attire, version 4 (Maruf)Men's attire, version 5 (Arayesh)Men's attire, version 6 (Sheikh Zubayr)Elderly men's attire, version 1 (Affan)Elderly men's attire, version 2 (Soheil)Elderly men's attire, version 3 (Aryadeva)
Women's Clothing[]
Girls' attire (Minoo)Women's attire, version 1 (Soraya)Women's attire, version 2 (Arezo)Women's attire, version 3 (Taraneh)Women's attire, version 4 (Arya)Women's attire, version 5 (Maryam)Elderly women's attire, version 1 (Jehiet)Elderly women's attire, version 2 (Zaha Hadi)
Sumeru Akademiya Uniform[]
Men's uniform, version 1 (Hunayn)Men's uniform, version 2 (Ashk)Women's uniform, version 1 (Hawa)Women's uniform, version 2 (Setaria)Sage's Attire (Azar)
Forest Ranger's Uniform[]
Men's uniform, version 1 (Ashpazi)Men's uniform, version 2 (Iraj)Women's uniform, version 1 (Shirin)Women's uniform, version 2 (Nasrin)
Eremite Attire[]
Men's attire, version 1 (Mendas)Men's attire, version 2 (Hisham)Men's attire, version 3 (Hamasa)Men's attire, version 4 (Masseira)Women's attire (Lunja)Eremite Daythunder's attire (Jebrael)Eremite Desert Clearwater's attireEnemy Eremite Sunfrost attireEremite Stone Enchanter's attire (Azariq)Eremite Galehunter's attire (Tadhla)Eremite Scorching Loremaster's attire (Babel)Eremite Floral Ring-Dancer's attire
Corps of Thirty Uniform[]
Men's uniform, version 1 (Shayan)Men's uniform, version 2 (Layth)Men's uniform, version 3 (Luxembarbo)Men's uniform, version 4 (Bakr)Women's uniform (Dwarkanath)
Festivals and Holidays[]
Sabzeruz Festival[]
Main article: Sabzeruz Festival
Politics[]
Sumeru Akademiya governs Sumeru and handles much of the daily affairs of the nation. The Grand Sage appears to be the leading figure in the nation, seeing how the previous Grand Sage, Azar, enacted several decrees and negotiated with The Doctor over the creation of an artificial god. If no Grand Sage is present, an acting Grand Sage will be implemented. While the nomination process is unclear, it appears that anyone prominent in the Akademiya can be selected as a Grand Sage; Alhaitham, the Akademiya's Scribe, and Siraj, a rising Vahumana scholar, were both  considered for the position.
The nation does not have any official military force of their own; the Eremites instead serve as an unofficial placeholder, who are mercenaries originating from the desert. They are often hired as bodyguards by the people of Sumeru, mostly researchers but also for important families and other clients. The Corps of Thirty, a large Eremite group, helps maintain peace and order in Sumeru City, Port Ormos and Caravan Ribat.
Eremite tribes in the desert are not affiliated with the Akademiya and are self-governed, usually led by elders and possibly matriarchs. They have their own set of rules that usually revolve around the well-being of the tribe. Violating these rules often incurs harsh punishments, such as exile or death.
Notes[]
↑ The Persian name Sina is a male name and the Persian polymath Ibn Sina has his name rendered in Chinese as 伊本·西那 Yīběn Xīnà. However, the Sina (Chinese: 希娜 Xīnà) in Pursina uses the female-exclusive character 娜, indicating that Sina was a woman.
References[]
↑ YouTube: Sumeru Preview Teaser 03: Prelude to Wisdom
↑ Lisa's Character Story: Character Details
↑ Lisa's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ World Quest: Solitary Sea-Beast
↑ Traveler's Voice-Over: About Purbiruni and Pursina
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
There is currently no text in this page.
You can search for this page title in other pages, or search the related logs, but you do not have permission to create this page.
OverviewCultureHistory
See also: Timeline
The timeline of historical events within the Mondstadt region.
References are provided as much as possible. Notes expand on the deduction and reasoning used to draw certain conclusions, which can be read either by hovering over (desktop-only) or clicking on the note. Some specific types of notes found on the page:
Lore Discrepancy: When information provided in the game is self-contradictory, retroactively changed, or contradicts information from outside media (such as the manga), it is considered a lore discrepancy. This is different from a translation discrepancy, in which information is contradictory or misleading due to inaccuracies in localization. In the case of a lore discrepancy between in-game information and outside media, the in-game information always takes priority.
Translation Note: Used when the original Chinese text and then official English localization do not match, or if something is clearer in Chinese. In the case of a translation discrepancy, the original Chinese text always takes priority.
Assumptions: To make sense of the lore — which the miHoYo writers often deliberately obscure by withholding critical information until later versions, giving contradictory evidence, and scattering information across various item sets — editors will sometimes make assumptions to determine the order of events or connect pieces of lore together. However, they may be obsoleted and proven incorrect by new lore and story. These notes serve as a disclaimer, and expand on the editors' reasoning for their conclusions.
If you have any proposed changes for the timeline, please leave a comment and cite your evidence.
Contents
1 The Great War
1.1 Sal Vindagnyr (Dragonspine)
2 The Interim Period
2.1 Old Mondstadt
3 The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)
3.1 The Age of Kings (?–2600 years ago)
4 Post-Archon War
4.1 Mondstadt's Aristocratic Period (2600–1000 years ago)
4.1.1 Early Aristocratic Period (2600–1600 years ago)
4.1.2 Late Aristocratic Period (1600–1000 years ago)
4.2 Mondstadt Reborn (1000–500 years ago)
5 Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)
6 The Cataclysm (500 years ago)
7 Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)
8 Recent Past (<100 years ago)
9 Notes
9.1 Lore Discrepancies
9.2 Translation Notes
9.3 Editors' Assumptions
10 References
11 Navigation
The Great War[]
Main article: Timeline § The Great War
The term "great war" is derived from Neuvillette's Vision Character Story, which refers to a "great war of vengeance" which badly wounded the Heavenly Principles.
Sal Vindagnyr (Dragonspine)[]
A group of people seeking refuge from a land of snow and strife[Note 1] find a bountiful and green mountain. They erect a monument on its peak and establish a civilization there, naming it Sal Vindagnyr, and the mountain Vindagnyr. Over time they built a large and extravagant castle on the mountain.[1][2][3]
Starsilver is an ore that is native to Vindagnyr, as the Snow-Tombed Starsilver was created long before Durin crashed onto the mountain.[2]
The civilization has a large white tree of great significance, and the princess is born under this tree. Her mother, the priestess, passes her blessings on to the princess, which include the ability to foresee events in the future.[1]
At some point later, the princess has a dream of Durin spreading poison upon the land. The people fear that this prophecy is a curse upon them.[4]
For some unknown amount of time, Celestia is moored above the mountain of Vindagnyr.[5]
The Skyfrost Nail descends from the skies, shrouding the city with clouds and snowstorms.[6] One day, it shatters into three fragments, one of which turns the Irminsul tree into the Frostbearing Tree. The outlander Imunlaukr is living in the kingdom at the time, and the princess gives him a greatsword made of starsilver as he leaves to find answers. She promises to make a fresco for him, hoping to meet again.[2][7]
The princess is working on a fresco and her father, the priest, goes up the mountain for guidance since the trees are starting to wither. He hopes that the princess' third painting will be of melting snow, but unfortunately she's unable to finish the painting. The Skyfrost Nail splits in three pieces, then fragments further, releasing three orbs that freeze particular locations, including shattering the white tree. The princess takes the most complete branch and tries to graft it onto another tree, but it withers and she dies next to it. Someone else comes along trying to heal the leylines, but is unable to and buries the princess.[1][2][4][8][9][10]
Imunlaukr returns, finding everyone dead. He stores the greatsword made of starsilver among the frescoes and then goes off to fight in a war since he's decided Celestia only cares for bloodshed.[2]
The Interim Period[]
Main article: Timeline § The Interim Period
While not formally established as its own period in time, Liyue lore indicates there was a stretch of peacetime between the Great War and the Archon War. 
Old Mondstadt[]
Note: Very little information exists about the region of Mondstadt before the fall of Decarabian's Mondstadt during the Archon War.[Note 2] As a result, the order of events and information listed may be highly inaccurate.
? years ago ― An ancient civilization in the Windwail Highland area establishes Cecilia Garden, where they grew Cecilia flowers in greenhouses.[11]
Based on the architectural and ornamentation style of the ruins around Cecilia Garden, it may have been constructed by Decarabian or people from his civilization. However, there is currently no textual evidence of any link between Cecilia Garden and Decarabian's Mondstadt.
? years ago ― An ancient civilization at Starsnatch Cliff establishes the Sommernachtgarten. When the civilization fell, the Sommernachtgarten was buried underground and became Midsummer Courtyard.[12]
? years ago ― At some point, Boreas, known as the King of the North Wind (or some variation thereof), gains his powers from an ancient god[13] and becomes a god himself.[14]
? years ago ― Decarabian establishes his capital city, Mondstadt,[15] in the area now known as Stormterror's Lair.[16] His territory expands to the Brightcrown Mountains and Windwail Highland areas, going as far south as the Teleport Waypoint between Dawn Winery and Stone Gate.[Note 3]
Brightcrown Canyon was once filled with Decarabian's soldiers, guarding the entrance to the city. The city, meanwhile, was arranged in a circular formation around Decarabian's tower. Residents were assigned their own spots within the city.[17]
Decarabian's tower — which is already located in a very deep valley compared to the rest of modern-day Mondstadt and Liyue — extends even deeper into the ground. However, attempting to reach the bottom level of the aboveground portion of the tower results in an abrupt black screen, after which the player will find themselves on the wind current ledge above it and see unique out-of-bounds dialogue from Paimon: "Watch out! Don't go near there!"
? years ago ― The region of Mondstadt is filled with blizzards, turning it into an inhospitable wasteland. It is caused by Boreas,[18][19]although whether it was intentional or not is somewhat ambiguous.[Translation Note 1] To protect his city from the blizzards, Decarabian creates a storm wall around it.[20]
The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)[]
Main article: Archon War
Note: The term "Archon War" is a catch-all term for the various, scattered conflicts across Teyvat to determine who would become one of The Seven, which arose as a result of the creation of the Gnoses. Due to the timeline's ambiguity, this section also includes events after the divine nails were cast down.
? years ago — Seven divine seats in Celestia open up, causing the gods to become embroiled in a bitter struggle for supremacy.[21]
Many gods fought for the sake of their ideals for a prosperous humanity. "That which lurks within and animates this relic are the divine remains of lamenting gods. They are unrealized ideals, designs for a prosperous humanity that could never be."[22]
During the Archon War, the infighting amongst gods was but one cause of conflict in Teyvat; other creatures and entities also sought to expand their domains, taking advantage of the chaos to encroach on the continent.[23]
In Liyue, legends of sea monsters are commonplace due to the "other-shore," a region that lies outside of Teyvat.[24] People in ancient times would use the bones of such sea monsters as figureheads on their ships to frighten away the beasts.[25]
The Age of Kings (?–2600 years ago)[]
See also: Decarabian's Mondstadt
>~2600 years ago[Note 4] ― Boreas declares war on Decarabian, but fails to land even a scratch on Mondstadt.[26] The war between the two Kings of Ice and Frost[27] turns into a stalemate,[Assumption 1] and Decarabian's people begin to view his rule as one of despotism and tyranny.[28]
A boy only known as the Nameless Bard befriends a tiny, insignificant wind spirit that would later become Barbatos. The boy dreamt of seeing birds in flight, green grass, and the world outside the city.[15]
The clan now known as the Gunnhildr Clan once dwelled inside Mondstadt. However, Gunnhildr's father, the clan's leader, grew disillusioned by Decarabian's despotic control and led his people out of the city. Outside the city was only relentless cold and engulfing blizzards, however, and the clan struggled to survive. As they prayed for salvation, a wind spirit that would later be known as Barbatos[Assumption 2] responded to their prayers,[28] as did the God of Time.[29] The clan's faith in the spirit empowers it, granting it more powers that it uses to create a shelter for them.
The first wines are brewed in Mondstadt when a certain mischievous wind spirit takes the form of a fox and ferments some apples under a negligent guard's care. When the guard awoke, he bit into one of those apples and, finding that he enjoyed the flavor, squeezed the sack that contained the apples to create wine.[30] Also brewed in ancient times was a wine said to make a person forget the past, used so the people could have the strength to keep surviving.[31]
Inside Old Mondstadt, people who grew discontent with Decarabian's rule began planning a resistance. The "Windblume" was used as a code word amongst the resistance, with the Red-Haired Warrior among the first to use this codeword.[32]
Leonard the Adventurer invents the wind glider. His life goal is to scale Pilos Peak (now Musk Reef), but he fails his attempt and is forced to turn back. He writes the book "Of Mountains and Seas" as an account of his journey.[33][Assumption 3]
Boreas realizes that his blizzards could not nurture life and decides that between his powers and his disillusionment with human society,[34] he did not have the qualifications to become one of the Seven Archons.[35] He chooses to allow his physical body to die while his powers flowed into the land of Mondstadt to nourish it.[19] Despite losing his original physical form, Boreas' spirit remains extant and his powers are still strong enough that he can manifest a body of ice and wind.[36][Assumption 4]
2600 years ago ― Decarabian's people rise up in rebellion, led by the Nameless Bard, Barbatos (then known as the "elf" or "wind spirit"), Decarabian's former lover Amos, a knight (originally referring to the Red-Haired Warrior, now possibly referring to Gunnhildr),[37][Lore Discrepancy 1] and the Red-Haired Warrior.[38] The Gunnhildr Clan, led by its current namesake Gunnhildr, also participates in the battle.[28] Decarabian is slain in the battle, as are Amos[39] and the Nameless Bard.[20] With Decarabian's death, Barbatos is elevated to godhood himself.[20][28] He uses his newfound powers to create a vessel in the form of the Nameless Bard's, and takes up the bow in honor of Amos.
The Red-Haired Warrior, for reasons unclear, turns his back on Barbatos and his name is eventually forgotten by the people of Mondstadt, though his deeds are still remembered. He eventually has a family that would eventually produce Ragnvindr and the Ragnvindr Family.[32]
Using his powers, Barbatos reshapes Mondstadt, using his winds to blow away the snow and ice covering the land and terraforming the region of Mondstadt in the process.[20][40][41] Among the notable changes to Mondstadt's landscape was the eradication of Pilos Peak, which was turned into the modern-day Musk Reef.[33] He then takes his people from Decarabian's old city and moves to Cider Lake, where they build the modern city of Mondstadt. Prominent clans among them are:
The Gunnhildr Clan,[42] led by Gunnhildr,[28]
The Imunlaukr Clan,[43] whose leader at the time is unknown, and
The Lawrence Clan,[44] led by Venerare.[45]
The God of Time worked alongside Barbatos for Mondstadt's protection, and both were worshipped by the Mondstadters of old as the "winds of time,"[46][47] with the belief that "Anemo brings stories while Time nurtures them."[42] However, at some point in time, the worship of the God of Time as well as most records of them disappear and are forgotten.[29]
? years ago, after the establishment of Mondstadt ― Seeing that his people had enough wisdom and strength to live on their own, Barbatos departs so he would not be able to become a tyrant.[48]
The Windblume Festival is established in memory of those who fought for freedom during Decarabian's reign. The codeword Windblume became conflated with literal flowers,[32] while the festival became one about finding love.[49]
Post-Archon War[]
2000 years ago — The Archon War comes to an end as the final divine seat in Celestia is claimed, cementing the positions of The Seven's original members.[50][51] Defeated gods who refused to live under The Seven's rule fled to islands in the Dark Sea, where they became evil gods.[52]
Mondstadt's Aristocratic Period (2600–1000 years ago)[]
See also: Mondstadt Aristocracy
Early Aristocratic Period (2600–1600 years ago)[]
<2600 years ago ― Dvalin, an elemental dragon, is born from pure Anemo energy located in the high heavens. The birth of an elemental dragon is a rare occurrence, and such dragons are equal in strength to the gods; historically, they have come to blows with the gods of old. However, Barbatos befriended Dvalin and the dragon became the first among the Four Winds to be worshipped by humanity.[53]
? years ago[Assumption 5] ― The Hexenzirkel challenged Barbatos into a fight, but he refused and offered to resolve the conflict through song instead. From then on, they became allies, and Barbatos agreed to conceal one of the group's meeting place and its lantern.[54]
? years ago ― Barbatos departs, and a class of aristocrats blessed with divine powers arose as leaders of Mondstadt. The clans in the aristocracy derived their lineages from heroes who lived during the early ages of Barbatos' Mondstadt.[55] Known clans include the Lawrence Clan, Gunnhildr Clan, and Imunlaukr Clan.[56]
Venerare, leader of the Lawrence Clan at the time, built the Barbatos Statue in front of the Favonius Cathedral to commemorate Barbatos' descent. Beneath the statue was an inscription written by the leaders of the clans, pledging their defense of Mondstadt.[45]
During this time, the people of Mondstadt worshipped both Barbatos and the God of Time. However, at some point, the God of Time and the worship of them were forgotten by the people of Mondstadt.[57]
Many of the festivals and customs in Mondstadt were enacted by the aristocracy for the betterment of the common people.[55] Such festivities included:
Hunting, a regular hobby of the aristocracy in which they worked alongside the common people and shared the spoils.
Ludi Harpastum, a 15-day festival which celebrates the blessings of wine, song, and flight Barbatos bestowed upon the people of Mondstadt.[41]
Windblume, a festival that celebrates the Thousand Winds.
Weinlesefest, a festival that celebrates the return of the Anemo Archon when the west wind blows every fall during the harvest season.
2600–500 years ago[Note 5] ― The incident known as "The Tyrant's Final Fury" occurs.
For about one year, the first Field Tiller shot missiles from Stormterror's Lair at anyone who approached.[58] The first Field Tiller had wandered into the abandoned tower of Decarabian after being damaged by Lupus Boreas, who mistook it for a challenger when it wandered into his arena.[58][59]
Late Aristocratic Period (1600–1000 years ago)[]
? years ago ― Ursa the Drake starts terrorizing Mondstadt.[41]
? years ago ― The Lawrence Clan became the foremost clan in Mondstadt and became the main rulers of the city.[41] However, they grew corrupt and fell to degeneracy, eventually becoming tyrants who enslaved and tormented the common people while viewing themselves as overlords and kings.[44]
The Gunnhildr Clan allegedly maintained its honor,[28] but were less influential than the Lawrence Clan which ruled Mondstadt. The status and fate of the Imunlaukr Clan are unknown, while other clans among the aristocracy followed the Lawrence Clan's lead.
? years ago ― The aristocracy used various methods to control the people and keep them ignorant. Anyone who posed a threat to their reign was enslaved and used for labor or entertainment;[55][60] knowledge of the past was suppressed, and cultural and historical relics that would point towards the truth were taken down.[45]
The knight order at the time, who referred to themselves as the "starlit knights," served the aristocracy and upheld its degeneracy, using their strength to oppress the commoners.[48][61]
The royal mages no longer instilled virtue in the nobles, and instead helped them keep the people ignorant. The Church also used their influence to justify the aristocracy's actions and keep the commoners from realizing the truth.[62]
The Church of Favonius suffers a schism, with the higher-ranked clergy backing the nobility.[63]
>1010 years ago ― Vennessa and her younger sister Lind are born into a nomadic tribe of the southern plains, exiled from its homeland for reasons unknown.[60][64]
1010 years ago ― After running afoul of Ursa the Drake and being starved by the dragon over the course of several days, she and her people flee to Mondstadt, only to be enslaved by the aristocracy.[41] Because of her great strength, Vennessa was made into a gladiator, bound by chains. The chains themselves could not bind her; as a child of Murata, Mondstadt's ordinary-quality ores and lack of her homeland's divine flame meant its metals were nothing before her strength. What kept her subservient was her responsibility to her people.[65]
~>1000 years ago ― Eberhart, an illegitimate heir to Landrich's clan, was a particularly manipulative and ruthless figure who lived at the end of the aristocratic era. He grew up in a noble home with his older half-brothers, Parsifal and Ingbert. Due to his illegitimacy, he was never looked on the same way as his older half-brothers which bred discontentment within Eberhart. He also knew how far the aristocracy had fallen from its golden days and sought to restore the ancient aristocracy's glory. To this end, he used his cunning to become a key figure in the aristocracy's downfall.
? years ago ― Eberhart goaded his older half-brother Parsifal's love of chivalry and play-acting,[66] convincing him to become a Phantom Thief, then deceived him in some unknown manner, forcing Parsifal to flee Mondstadt and removing him from the line of succession.[67]
During the late Aristocratic Period, spears and polearms came to be viewed as weapons used by lowly commoners and slaves, likened to gladiators' weapons compared to the noble and elegant sword. However, Eberhart secretly trained to use one in order to overthrow the aristocracy,[68]and even became the disciple of the witch who created the Crescent Pike, using her love for Parsifal to get close to her before discovering her weakness and killing her.[67][69] It appears that he took up the lance to gain an element of surprise against Ingbert, a Vision user, who would have easily bested him in combat otherwise.[66][70][Assumption 6]
>1000 years ago[Assumption 7] ― The Wanderer's Troupe is established, comprised of people from all over Teyvat.[71] It was both a musical troupe and a militaristic troop, gaining the moniker "Swordsman's Troupe" as they traveled throughout the continent. At one point, they faced an unknown foe in the Mare Jivari, and they made their final stop in the City of Mondstadt. They tried and failed to overthrow the aristocracy, and most of its members were slain during the battle, enslaved afterwards, or fled.[72][73] Known members include:
The founding member was the Conductor who wielded The Widsith, a collection of the Troupe's travels and musical compositions. He was slain in battle.[73]
The Sojourner, also known as the harpist and lyrist, who wielded The Stringless. He hailed from Fontaine and left his home country in search of his true fate. He was the second member of the Troupe, having met the conductor by chance. He fell in love with a Mondstadt girl, only for her to be chosen as the Ludi Harpastum princess — which meant she would be claimed by a member of the Lawrence Clan. In the attempted rebellion, he lost his life to protect his allies.[71][74]
The Dawnlight Swordswoman, also known as the sword dancer, wielded The Flute and was the third to join the Troupe.[74] She was enslaved after the attempted rebellion and turned into a gladiator, where she ultimately met her end. Even while enslaved, she sang of freedom and openly questioned the aristocracy's reign and the people's acceptance of their rule. Her interactions with Ragnvindr inspired him to rise up against the aristocracy, and he adopted her epithet in his title, "Dawn Knight."[75][76]
Kreuzlied, who abandoned the Lawrence Clan, was the fourth to join the Troupe.[74] He wielded The Bell and is the only known survivor of the Troupe, spared because of his lineage. Despite the Troupe's disbandment, Kreuzleid did not give up resisting the aristocracy; he established an underground organization, which would remain active even 500 years later, and used it to aid Vennessa's rebellion.[77]
500 years later, it was secretly used by Rostam to aid the Knights of Favonius from the shadows. It is unknown whether the organization is still active in present day.[77]
? years ago ― After many years of loyally fighting under his master Eberhart, the Gladiator who wielded the Deathmatch (and who the Gladiator's Finale set belongs to) meets his end at Vennessa's hands. Despite fighting many bloody battles for Eberhart's and his own glory, even after he had already won his freedom — having been manipulated by Eberhart into continuing — the Gladiator finds that Eberhart had already left the scene for reasons unknown.[78][79]
~1000 years ago, after the Gladiator's death[80] ― Landrich organizes an aristocracy-led expedition to Sal Vindagnyr, hoping that the expedition will be a great success and their achievements will quell those hoping to rebel against the aristocracy. The expedition party included Ingbert, Eberhart, Luther, Nick, and several other promising young aristocrats. However, the expedition party never returned, so documentation on the event is sparse.[81]
Sometime after arriving at the mountain, the team gets caught in a snowstorm and the unnamed members get separated from the others, who meet up at the South Base Camp. Eberhart convinces the others that the unnamed members should be able to find their way back to the camp, and additionally persuades them to investigate a secret room that supposedly contains frescoes and weapons forged from starsilver.[82]
Not only are they unable to open the locked door of the secret room, but a cave-in kills Nick, burying his supplies with him. Returning to the South Base Camp, they notice the unnamed members have still not returned and Luther hopes they made it back down the mountain to get help. They decide to return to the original plan of exploring the cellar in the southwestern ruins once the storm dies down a bit.[80]
Eberhart leads Ingbert and Luther into the cellar and then takes out a polearm, striking Ingbert first and trying to kill them both. While he gravely injures both, Ingbert uses his Vision to launch a counterattack,[70] forcing him to retreat heavily injured. While bleeding out in the cellar, Luther realizes Eberhart's large-scale scheme, writing down an apology to Priscilla before leaving a message for whoever reads the journal to warn Landrich.[66]
After leaving the cellar, Eberhart takes refuge in an area where a prison used to be and plans to follow the waterway to where his supplies are hidden. Either at the prison or between there and the supplies, Ingbert catches up to him and Eberhart manages to kill him. Eberhart then heads east to reach the sea and finds his boat and more supplies untouched. He then leaves for Mondstadt with the knowledge that if news reaches the city, Priscilla — who unbeknownst to Luther, was one of Eberhart's co-conspirators — will warn him by lighting a torch at Stormbearer Point.[70] However, there are no records of Eberhart's return, leaving his ultimate fate a mystery.[81]
Eberhart's boat never reaches the shore and the waiting Priscilla gets caught by the nobles after the plot is revealed.[83]
Mondstadt Reborn (1000–500 years ago)[]
1000 years ago, after Ludi Harpastum[Assumption 8] ― The prayers and cries of the oppressed awakens Barbatos from his slumber, and he descends on Mondstadt under the guise of Venti. He befriends Vennessa after she raised the ire of Barca Lawrence, the heir to the Lawrence Clan, and was sentenced to undergo a series of gladiator matches to win her and her people's freedom. Her last battle is against Ursa the Drake itself, as Lord Lawrence had bartered with the evil dragon to give Mondstadt peace with her and her tribe as an offering. At this moment, Barbatos descends on the battlefield and reveals his true form, giving Vennessa the power to prevail against Ursa and freeing the people from the aristocracy's villainy.[41][84]
The above is the official history recorded by Mondstadt's historians. However, this was the beginning of a longer rebellion, during which Barbatos forged a contract between the aristocracy and Morax, claiming that the aristocrats had sold all of Mondstadt to the Geo Archon — including their own troops. After it was discovered, this "treachery against the wind" caused the troops to rally against the aristocracy, hastening its end. Only many years later did scholars discover that this treaty was fake.[48]
Ragnvindr[85] and Kreuzlied[77] are among those who assisted Vennessa's rebellion, as were adherents to the Church of Favonius mobilized by the Nameless Shepherd.[63] It is unclear whether the rebellion Eberhart intended to assist when he sabotaged the Dragonspine expedition was Vennessa's, or if it was a different one that was being plotted around the same time.
After Vennessa's rebellion succeeded, most of the aristocracy and those who had collaborated with them, such as the royal mages, are exiled from Mondstadt.[86] Those who proved themselves uncorrupted, such as the Gunnhildr Clan, were allowed to remain.[28]
Vennessa establishes the Knights of Favonius, with herself as its first Dandelion Knight and Grand Master, and restores the Church of Favonius to prevent tyrants from taking over Mondstadt again.[64][87][88]
After the Knights of Favonius was established, a certain Knight of Boreas arrives at Mondstadt and joins them.[89] However, the wolf companion he originally journeyed with chose not to follow him into the city, preferring the wilderness. The two continued to fight together whenever the Knight left the city to hunt or do battle. When the wolf dies of old age, the Knight buries it in the remote countryside and leaves the Knights of Favonius to become a wanderer.[90]
Ragnvindr converts the aristocrats' indoor bathhouse into the original Mondstadt Library. It would eventually become the largest library in all of northern Teyvat, up until the Great Fire of Fall Equinox reduced it to one-sixth of its original size.[85]
The Barbatos Statue, which was originally erected by Venerare but taken down by the late aristocracy, is also restored, though the original inscription on it has been lost.[45]
? years ago ― The Four Winds are established, with Boreas as Wolf of the North and Dvalin as Dragon of the East. Vennessa was simultaneously the Lion of the South (as the first Dandelion Knight) and Falcon of the West.[88][Lore Discrepancy 2]
? years ago ― Vennessa is chosen by the gods and ascends to Celestia at Windrise. A massive oak tree grows where she stood when she ascended.[48][91]
This tree has a mysterious connection to Celestia; Venti channels power from it to purify himself from the Abyss' influence,[92] as well as to heal his body after getting his Gnosis forcefully taken by Signora.[93]
? years ago ― The Great Fire of Fall Equinox reduces the Mondstadt Library to one-sixth of its former size. However, the contents within the library's restricted section, located behind the poplar doors in the library basement, were left untouched.[85]
? years ago ― Boreas and his wolf pack did not originally live in Wolvendom, but moved there at an unknown point in time.[30] It is unclear whether the Temple of the Wolf, located near the Thousand Winds Temple, formerly housed Boreas' spirit.
Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)[]
>500 years ago ― Arundolyn, Rostam, and Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter are born.
>500 years ago ― Arundolyn and his childhood friend Rostam grow up together in Mondstadt and eventually both join the Knights of Favonius. Arundolyn becomes the Grand Master known as the "Lion of Light," while Rostam becomes the "Wolf Pup."[94][95][96]
Rostam gained the title of Wolf Pup when he was 27 years old.[97] He preferred doing dirty work in the shadows, without restraints of being a knight, so that Arundolyn could remain a model knight.[98] It is said that he continued running the secret society established around 500 years earlier by Kreuzlied.[77]
Rostam taught the Knights of Favonius his sword style, the Favonius Bladework, which continues to be used to this day.[97][98] Arundolyn's fighting style, which wielded a greatsword in one hand and a longsword in the other, required immense strength that few were able to replicate, and so it soon died out.[94]
>500 years ago ― Rostam and Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter fall in love.
>500 years ago, just before the cataclysm ― Rosalyne leaves Mondstadt to study at Sumeru Akademiya.
The Cataclysm (500 years ago)[]
Main article: Cataclysm
Monsters from the Abyss invade the aboveground world of Teyvat, causing widespread devastation.[99]
The people of Teyvat attribute the creation of these monsters to a "great sinner," Gold,[99][53] also known as Albedo's master and mother Rhinedottir.[100] Her creations, the Alfisol were the advance guard for the monsters from the Abyss[101]
The Kingdom of Khaenri'ah is destroyed by the Heavenly Principles,[102] causing the fall of the Eclipse Dynasty and the entire civilization.[53] Khaenri'ah's destruction causes a devastating ripple effect.[103]
The Seven become involved in Khaenri'ah after the Abyss' invasion of Teyvat.[102][Assumption 9]
During the cataclysm, The Knights of Favonius, led by the current Grand Master Arundolyn and Rostam, go on an expedition to Khaenri'ah to fight the monsters.[95]
Rostam mentors a man known as the White Knight (possibly "Roland"[104] who loved justice above all else and fought against the monsters of Khaenri'ah.[98][105][106] As he fought monsters, he came to be known as the Bloodstained Knight, and people started fearing him.[106] He then ventures deeper into Khaenri'ah and dies battling monsters. In the depths of the world, he learns about the origin of the monsters that destroyed Khaenri'ah and the ultimate injustice that turned the people of Khaenri'ah into monsters, therefore joining the Abyss Order.[106]
An alchemist from Khaenri'ah, "Gold" Rhinedottir, creates one of her masterpieces, Durin.[107][108][100] She sends Durin and other creatures she created to the continent of Teyvat to "display [their] beauty."[109] Upon reaching Mondstadt, however, Durin lays waste to the city,[89][108][99][110][111] although it is suggested that Durin was not conscious of his actions after reaching Teyvat until Dvalin fatally wounded him in their battle.[112]
At that time there was no Lionfang Knight, as Arundolyn, then Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius and Lion of the South, gave up fighting after his friend Rostam died during the expedition to Khaenri'ah.[89][94][95][96][97][98] As a result, there was also no one strong enough to take on Durin.[Lore Discrepancy 3][Translation Note 2]
The people's cry for help are heard by the Anemo Archon, who calls upon Dvalin. The two engage Durin in battle and eventually defeat him, but Dvalin ingests Durin's poisonous blood, corrupted by the Abyss' power, in the process. To recuperate, Dvalin takes refuge in Decarabian's Tower in Old Mondstadt and falls into deep slumber.[89][108][110][111][113]
Durin's corpse falls over on Dragonspine and the power inside Durin's blood seeps into the land, reviving the Frostbearing Tree. Durin's blood appears to coagulate as Scarlet Quartz, due to the high concentrations of the mineral in Wyrmrest Valley, wherein Durin's heart still beats.[112]
Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter returns to Mondstadt and learns of Rostam's death. In her rage and despair, she uses the art of liquid flame she learned at Sumeru Akademiya to turn her body into that of living flame to avenge him, and becomes known the Crimson Witch of Flames.[114][Assumption 10]
Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)[]
? years ago[Assumption 11] ― Before the Crimson Witch of Flame could be fully devoured by her own flames, Pierro of the Fatui Harbingers, finds her and recruits her, giving her a Cryo Delusion to put out her flames.[115][116][117][118] The Crimson Witch of Flame becomes Signora, the 8th of the Fatui Harbingers.
400 years ago ― An ancestor of Ella Musk and Dr. Edith writes "An Investigation into the Cultural Customs of the Wind Kingdom," which is excerpted in Breeze Amidst the Forest.[Translation Note 3]
>300 years ago ― Olaf, a denizen from Springvale, is born.
300 years ago ― Olaf is frozen by a Cryo Regisvine while attempting to hunt a certain breed of boar, prized for its extraordinarily sumptuous taste, that is driven to extinction everywhere except for Dragonspine.[119] According to stories passed down during his time, Springvale was formed around a spring created by melted ice and snow from Dragonspine,[120] so it was established after Sal Vindagnyr froze over.
<200 years ago ― A Lochfolk named Callirhoe, also known as the Spring Fairy, moves to Springvale from Fontaine and blesses the waters.[121] According to Olaf, there were no stories about the Spring Fairy during his time, indicating she probably arrived after his accidental cryopreservation.[120]
Recent Past (<100 years ago)[]
Note: The bullets below are arranged in order of relative reverse chronological order, estimated based on characters' apparent ages.
? years ago ― One of the statues of the seven in Mondstadt goes missing over night having been stolen by the Abyss Order for their Loom of Fate operation.[122][123][Note 6]
50–40 years ago ― Amber's grandfather, a renowned mercenary leader from Liyue,[124] falls victim to a disastrous monster attack that leaves him the sole survivor. After being saved by a doctor from the Knights of Favonius, he decides to move to Mondstadt and become a member himself. There, he established the Outriders, a division of archer scouts whose members he personally trained. He also starts a family there.[125]
~50 Years Ago ― Callirhoe, also known as the Spring Fairy, strikes up a friendship with Old Finch when he is a child.[126] Their story becomes the basis for the book, Heart of Clear Springs.
? years ago ― The famous adventurer Seamus Pegg decides to settle down in Mondstadt, joining the Church of Favonius and eventually rising to the position of Cardinal of Daybreak. He also falls in love with Frederica Gunnhildr of the Gunnhildr Clan.
~25–15 years ago ― Seamus and Frederica have two daughters together, Jean and Barbara. Some years later, the two lovers have a falling out and separate; Jean stays with Frederica, while Barbara goes with Seamus.[127]
12 years ago ― Diluc receives his Vision at age 10.[128]
>10 years 6 months ago, end of summer ― Kaeya is abandoned by his biological father near the Dawn Winery as part of an "ancient plot," presumably to save Khaenri'ah. Crepus finds him and takes him in, raising him alongside Diluc.[129][Note 7]
10 years ago ― Frederica prepares strict training regimens for Jean, which continues to influence her habits long after she became a member of the Knights of Favonius.[130]
8 years ago ― Diluc becomes the Cavalry Captain of the Knights of Favonius at 14 years old,[128] making him the youngest-ever holder of any captaincy within the Order.[131]
Jean is conferred the title of Dandelion Knight at 15 years old.[91]
On the night of Diona's seventh birthday, she is blessed by the Spring Fairy of Springvale with the ability to make delectable beverages, no matter the ingredients.[132]
April 30, 4 years ago ― On Diluc's 18th birthday, Crepus Ragnvindr dies after using a Delusion to protect his and Diluc's caravan from Ursa the Drake,[133] which was lured to them by the Fatui using metal bugs that emit the aroma of Mist Grass.[134] Afterwards, Eroch, an inspector within the Knights of Favonius, orders that the cause of Crepus' death be covered up to maintain the Knights of Favonius' dignity, attributing Ursa's retreat to Diluc while labeling Crepus as a victim of the monster attack. In a fit of rage, Diluc resigns from the Knights of Favonius and abandons his Vision to investigate the truth behind Delusions for himself.[135][136]
Details on Crepus' death are left ambiguous in-universe: Diluc's character stories and one of Kaeya's character stories say the power of the Delusion backfired and killed Crepus,[137][138] but according to Kaeya's Vision story and his description of Diluc in the manga, Diluc personally killed Crepus to spare him the suffering caused when the Delusion backfired.[128][139] The manga's flashback is ambiguous and can favor either interpretation.[133][Note 8]
On the night of Crepus' death, Kaeya reveals the truth about his origins and purpose to Diluc. In the ensuing fight, Kaeya gains his Vision.[139]
Shortly after Crepus' death, the Fatui use the metal bugs again to lure out Ursa the Drake so Il Dottore can slay it, forcing Mondstadt to be indebted to the Fatui and giving them leverage in the city's affairs.[140]
Diluc journeys across Teyvat to seek the truth behind the Delusions. He discovers that the Fatui are behind them and, in the process of finding out more, lays waste to countless Fatui strongholds. Unable to ignore this threat, the Eleven Fatui Harbingers set up a trap for him and nearly kill him, but he narrowly escapes due to a "third-party observer from the north." This observer is part of an underground network which Diluc joins.
4 years ago, after Crepus' death[Assumption 12] ― Amber's grandfather abruptly resigns from the Knights of Favonius and disappears,[124] leading to rumors that he had defected. Amber joined the Outriders as a trainee shortly before this, and watches as the division crumbles in the absence of its leader.[141] Determined to live up to her grandfather's reputation and uncover the mystery behind his disappearance, Amber gains a Vision shortly after becoming an official Outrider.[142][Lore Discrepancy 4]
At some point after leaving Mondstadt, a man matching his description returns to Qingce Village some 40–50 years after he last visited the village.[143]
Eroch is found to be a traitor and is purged from the Knights of Favonius along with his co-conspirators,[144] while Jean is promoted from Captain to Master of Knights. Rooting out Eroch's allies while thwarting the plots of the Abyss Order grants Jean her Vision.[145]
After two years of study at Sumeru Akademiya, Lisa graduates. Disillusioned with the atmosphere there, she returns to Mondstadt and joins the Knights of Favonius. Grand Master Varka sought to promote her to Captain of the 8th Company immediately, but this notion was opposed by its Field Officer, Nymph. After a field test, Lisa decides to take the position of Librarian instead so she wouldn't have the responsibilities of captaincy.[146]
May 28, ? years ago ― Fischl gains her Vision the moment her 14th birthday is over.[147] Shortly afterwards, she becomes an investigator at the Adventurers' Guild despite her young age thanks to her Vision and her parents' influence.[148]
Razor meets Varka, the current Knight of Boreas, when the man visits Wolvendom one day.[149] Varka gives him his name and teaches him how to use claymores, but embarks on his expedition before ever giving Razor his own name.[150] At some point, he also gains an Electro Vision while attempting to save his lupical from an Abyss Mage. Several months or years later, he comes across Lisa, who decides to become his teacher.[151][152]
~3.5 years ago ― The Knight of Favonius drafts a plan for an expedition set to depart three years later. Several positions are open for recruiting, such as the Front-Line Surveyor.[153]
~2.5 years ago ― Mika signs up for the Front-Line Surveyor position and officially joins the Knights of Favonius.[154]
3 years ago ― Klee is entrusted to Albedo and the Knights of Favonius by her parents.[155]
~3 years ago[Assumption 13] ― Rhinedottir and Albedo discover an artifact called The Heart of Naberius within the heart of a dungeon in an unknown region. Shortly thereafter, Rhinedottir disappears, leaving Albedo only a note instructing him to uncover the "truth and meaning of this world," a recommendation letter to give to her friend Alice, and a part of the classical text Opus Magnum.[156] After finding Alice, Albedo is sent to the Knights of Favonius, who could supply him with a laboratory with which to conduct his research. There, his prowess in the Art of Khemia, a yet-unseen art in Mondstadt,[157] lands him the position of Chief Alchemist.[158]
6 months ago ― Grand Master Varka takes the elites of the Knights of Favonius, as well as the cavalry,[159] with him on an expedition away from Mondstadt, appointing Jean as Acting Grand Master in his absence.[160] Seamus Pegg,[161] Frederica Gunnhildr,[162] Mika,[154] and Godwin[163] are among those who went with him, though Godwin was left behind when he took the time to look for Glory's good-luck charm that he misplaced.
After Varka's departure, Diluc returns to Mondstadt, taking over as head of the Dawn Winery that he had entrusted to Adelinde and Elzer and taking up his Vision once more. Around this same time, a mysterious entity who becomes known as the "Darknight Hero" appears, prowling Mondstadt at night and fending off threats to the city. Unbeknownst to most people, this hero is Diluc himself.[144]
A thief steals an artifact from a certain eastern temple in Mondstadt, a vial supposedly containing Barbatos' breath. After word got out, counterfeits have flooded the black market and since then, Diluc and the Fatui have been in a purchasing war in their attempts to each secure the genuine artifact.[164]
Last Ludi Harpastum (~1 year to 6 months ago)[Lore Discrepancy 5] ― The events of the manga's main story occur.
The Fatui, led by Il Dottore, attempt to take of Ludi Harpastum to recruit more test subjects, but are thwarted in their initial attempt by Diluc and Kaeya's plan, and Dottore loses interest in the city. As some Fatui diplomats are about to leave on Dottore's orders, they run afoul of Collei, who needed a distraction to slip into the city. She uses the power of her Archon Residue to create a serpent of black fire that kills the diplomats, and the Knights of Favonius are obligated to investigate the situation to maintain relations with the Fatui.
Collei, seeking information about Barnabas to exact her revenge, runs into Amber, then Jean and Lisa. They give her permission to enter the library as they continue investigating the Black Fire Incident, and discover that the power that slew the diplomats is similar in nature to the Delusion (Evil Eye) used by Crepus several years earlier. Amber, who had encountered Dottore as he departed from Mondstadt, grows suspicious after noticing that both he and the Delusion smelled of Mist Pollen. She decides to try and track him down, and manages to find a Fatui device inside a hilichurl camp. However, she is then attacked by Krupp, a former Fatui researcher whom Dottore transformed into a Ruin Hunter. Together with Jean, who went to reinforce her, they take down Krupp for good and return to Mondstadt with evidence against the Fatui.
Realizing that the Fatui are hoping to instigate a swarm of monster attacks during the festival so they can take the credit for defeating them and saving Mondstadt, the Knights of Favonius decide to track down the Fatui devices and destroy them. In the meantime, Lisa contacts her teacher at Sumeru Akademiya to see if anyone would be able to seal Collei's Archon Residue. Amber takes advantage of the situation to let Collei experience Ludi Harpastum's festivities, but their fun is interrupted by Kaeya, who lures Collei away and attacks her to draw out her powers, confirming that she was behind the Black Fire Incident.[165] Upon realizing that Collei herself is innocent, and Amber's interruption allowing her to get away, Kaeya decides to enlist Diluc's help in creating an alibi for the girl.
Barnabas, who came to deal with the Black Fire Incident in Dottore's stead, confronts Kaeya about Collei, having witnessed Amber help her escape. Kaeya pretends to help, with Diluc posing as the perpetrator behind the incident to Barnabas' guards. However, Barnabas himself notices the archon power emitted when Cyno — who was sent from Sumeru Akademiya in response to Lisa's message — seals away Collei's Archon Residue. He confronts and attacks Collei and Amber after Cyno leaves to report to Lisa, but is eventually thwarted by Amber and Diluc's efforts.[166]
Kaeya "traps" Diluc after Barnabas' defeat, allowing the Fatui guards to arrest him and take him away, thereby absolving the Knights of Favonius from any responsibility. Shortly thereafter, Diluc breaks out, leaving behind his mask and Delusion for an uninterested Dottore. The Harbinger also grows irritated by Barnabas' failure and has his guards get rid of him.[167]
In the manga, Kaeya returns Diluc's Vision after he breaks out of prison, hiding it inside the Strange Vase that can be seen inside the Dawn Winery in-game.[Lore Discrepancy 6]
Notes[]
↑ While snow and strife could be the interpretation and the result of the war between Decarabian and Boreas in the Archon War, the existence of the Divine Nail meant that snow and strife were the results of the war between the Heavenly Principles and the Second Who Came.
↑ Book: History of Kings and Clans: PrologueStarts recording Mondstadt's history from the Age of Kings, which is the war between Boreas and Decarabian; whether the Northland Historical Society has any record of history before that is unknown.
↑ Ruins containing the ornamentation style found primarily in Stormterror's Lair can be seen across Brightcrown Mountains and Windwail Highland. It is unique from other ruins' ornamentation styles, making it easy to connect them.
↑ The Biography of Gunnhildr gives the earliest known date for Boreas and Decarabian's war at 3000 years ago. However, this only records the start of the Gunnhildr Clan's story, so it may have begun well beforehand, while Venti's character stories give a more precise date for the fall of Old Mondstadt at 2600 years ago.
↑ It is unclear whether the first Field Tiller came to Mondstadt before or after the cataclysm. Barbara's story only vaguely frames the story between Decarabian's death and before the present day, and Boreas' account of his fight against the Field Tiller places it after he moved to Wolvendom — except there is no timeframe for that either. Note that Guizhong, who lived far before Decarabian fell, had access to Ruin Guards and Ruin Hunters, so it is possible that the first Field Tiller wandered into Mondstadt before the cataclysm and not after it, like most other Ruin Guards.
↑ Since the Loom of Fate operation is still in its early stages in Present Day, the Defiled Statue was likely stolen somewhat recently. However, it was stolen long enough ago that Barbara says that it's an "old story" and happened "a long time ago."
↑ It is currently unknown exactly when Kaeya told his story that happened "a decade ago" to the Grand Master.
↑ In the flashback, the pacing suggests that the battle with Ursa ends, Crepus collapses, Kaeya and other knights arrive at the scene, and Crepus dies in Diluc's arm's all in very short order, with no suggested timelapses. However, when Crepus dies in Diluc's arms, there is blood on Diluc's face that was not there when Crepus collapsed after the battle ended.
Lore Discrepancies[]
↑ In Amos' Bow's description and the The Boy and the Whirlwind trailer, both from the Closed Beta Test era, there were four leaders of the rebellion: the Nameless Bard, the elf/wind spirit, Amos, and the knight. Based on process of elimination, the red-haired man in the trailer was the knight. Much later, in Version 1.6, Freedom-Sworn named the Red-Haired Warrior as a fifth leader and thus left the identity of the knight a mystery. Based on process of elimination again, the knight would probably be Gunnhildr, whose involvement in the rebellion was otherwise only attested to in Biography of Gunnhildr.
↑ The manga suggests that Vennessa became Falcon of the West after her ascension, but Venti's Character Tale depicts her as a mortal after the establishment of the Four Winds, which indicates that she was both while she was alive.
↑ Breeze Amidst the Forest appears to place Rostam's death (indicated by "The Lionfang Knight was without a suitable heir") before Barbatos and Dvalin began to fight Durin. However, Elegy for the End says that Rostam fought at the same time as Barbatos, Dvalin, and Durin and that Rostam died at around the same time Durin did.
↑ Amber's Character Story 3 and Vision Story conflict on whether she joined the Outriders before or after her grandfather's disappearance.One possible resolution of this discrepancy is that trainee Outriders are not considered Outriders proper until they're no longer trainees, as Amber's Vision Story specifies that she officially became an Outrider after her grandfather's death while her Character Story 3 only says that she was admitted to the Outriders before her grandfather's death without specifying if being admitted to the Outriders means officially becoming an Outrider or if it can also mean being admitted as a trainee.
↑ Crepus' death occurs 3 years before the manga's events while Diluc's character stories place it 4 years before the game's story, making the manga set roughly a year before the game. However, according to Diluc's stories, he returned to Mondstadt after Varka left on his expedition, making his return occur sometime within 6 months before the game's story. The message on the Cat's Tail Message Board about Collei says she was seen at the "last Ludi Harpastum" before the game's story, with no indication of how long ago it occurred.
↑ The Strange Vase exists in-game and is also referred to in A Child's Secret. However, the events of the manga happen in at least three days, which means that Diluc — who hosted a large party at the beginning of the manga with esteemed guests such as Seamus Pegg — had already been back in Mondstadt for at least three days by the time he received his Vision in the vase, conflicting with his Vision story, which says that he took up his Vision the same day he returned to Mondstadt.
Translation Notes[]
↑ The original Chinese version of "This land was once a realm of sub-zero blizzards and ice storms filled with razor-sharp ice shards, all at the command of Boreas" uses a more passive tone which suggests that Boreas did not actively will it, but rather caused it simply by existing.Chinese text: 这片大地上曾经北风呼啸，呼气凝霜。 "Long ago did the North Wind howl on this land, his breath congealing into frost."
↑ In Breeze Amidst the Forest, the English translation treats the paragraph beginning with "It was an especially difficult time for Mondstadt." as a cause and the paragraph beginning with "The prayers of Mondstadt's people awoke the Anemo Archon" as the effect. However, the original Chinese text treats them more like two descriptions of events that happened in the same timeframe instead of cause and effect.
↑ The original Chinese text attributes "An Investigation into the Cultural Customs of the Wind Kingdom" to an unspecified Musk Family member; Jacob Musk is not specified like he is in English.
Editors' Assumptions[]
↑ According to Fragment of Decarabian's Epic, Boreas declared war on Decarabian but was unable to break through Decarabian's storm wall. However, there is currently no in-game reference to Decarabian's response towards Boreas. It can be assumed that Decarabian either had no interest in fighting Boreas or was equally incapable of overcoming the other god. Boreas eventually chose to die of his own volition while Decarabian was slain by humans and the wind spirit, leaving their conflict a draw.
↑ The wind spirit who saved Gunnhildr's Clan is not explicitly stated to be Barbatos. At the same time, there is no evidence that suggests they worshipped another wind spirit, and there is too little information about the God of Time to draw any conclusions about them.
↑ Assuming Barbatos terraformed Mondstadt shortly after his ascension, Leonard's attempt to scale Pilos Peak must have come before 2600 years ago, even though Mona rounds his time period down to 2000 years ago. He also mentions Venerare, the leader of the Lawrence Clan at the start of Barbatos' Mondstadt, which means he had to have lived around the end of Decarabian's Mondstadt.
↑ It is unknown when Boreas died. The land outside of Decarabian's Mondstadt was a snowy wasteland, which would indicate that Boreas had not yet let his powers flow into the land to nourish it, but Barbatos became Anemo Archon shortly after Decarabian fell, which suggests that Boreas had already chosen to remove himself from the Archon War via death by the time Barbatos rose.
↑ Based on the frequency of Barbatos's descent and the Hexenzirkel's possible time frame, the event has been tentatively put here without clear evidence. One of Alice's titles, "Defender of Old Mondstadt," might have been coined during this event.
↑ Ingbert is never specified to be an allogene. However, Ragged Records refers to someone as one of "the chosen"; this must be Ingbert, based on Ancient Investigation Journal: Part III. So far, those who are referred to as "chosen" are largely, if not exclusively, Vision bearers.
↑ No dates have been specified for the Wanderer's Troupe's active period, but it disbanded a few years before Vennessa's rebellion at most. Ragnvindr and Kreuzleid were both around for the fall of the Troupe and would later assist Vennessa's rebellion.
↑ It is unclear when Vennessa's rebellion occurred relative to the failed Dragonspine expedition, but it likely came afterwards or coincided with it at earliest. Vennessa offends Barca on the last day of Ludi Harpastum, after which she was purchased by Lord Lawrence and sentenced to do battle in the arena to win her freedom, but we don't know how long those battles took.
↑ In both Character Teaser - "Raiden Shogun: Nightmare" and Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream, which depict other events in chronological order, the Kitsune Saiguu's death during the Abyss' attack is depicted before Makoto's death in what appears to be Khaenri'ah. From this, it can be assumed that the Abyss attacked Teyvat before The Seven were involved in Khaenri'ah. However, this does not exclude the possibility that the gods in Celestia attacked Khaenri'ah first.
↑ As Rosalyne set out to burn demons and monsters, the cataclysm may have still been ongoing when she became the Crimson Witch of Flame.
↑ The lands that the Crimson Witch of Flame burned are unspecified, but as Rosalyne lived in Mondstadt and learned of Rostam's death upon her return to Mondstadt, it is assumed that Pierro found the Crimson Witch of Flame in Mondstadt. The exact time he found her is also unknown, but since the Tsaritsa sent Pierro to recruit for the Fatui in response to the cataclysm and the Crimson Witch of Flame was being burned alive by the very flames she turned herself into, Pierro must have found the Crimson Witch of Flame shortly after the cataclysm.
↑ In the manga, Amber mentions that she overheard the argument between Eroch and Diluc while hiding in a cupboard to prank her grandfather, indicating that he hadn't resigned at the time of Crepus' death.
↑ It is unclear when exactly Albedo joined the Knights of Favonius, but between Albedo's second character story and Klee's first character story, it appears they came to Mondstadt around the same time.
References[]
↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 Weapon: Frostbearer
↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 Weapon: Snow-Tombed Starsilver
↑ Image: First fresco at Sal Vindagnyr
↑ 4.0 4.1 Mondstadt Hidden Exploration Objective, Quest-Like: Dragonspine's Glacial Secret
↑ Image: Fresco of the Skyfrost Nail
↑ Loading Screen Tip: Frostbearing Tree
↑ Image: Second fresco at Sal Vindagnyr
↑ Quest Item: Priest's Box
↑ Quest Item: Princess' Box
↑ World Quest: In the Mountains
↑ Forgery Domain Entrance Description: Cecilia Garden
↑ Blessing Domain Entrance Description: Midsummer Courtyard
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Boreal Wolf's Milk Tooth
↑ 15.0 15.1 Venti's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Tile of Decarabian's Tower
↑ Book: Teyvat Travel Guide, Vol. 1 - Mondstadt Chapter
↑ Character Level-Up Material: Ring of Boreas
↑ 19.0 19.1 Character Level-Up Material: Spirit Locket of Boreas
↑ 20.0 20.1 20.2 20.3 Venti's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ World Quest, Part 1: Treasure Lost, Treasure Found
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Divine Body from Guyun
↑ Zhongli's Character Story: That Which Rises From the Sea
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Piece of Aerosiderite
↑ Weapon: Serpent Spine
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Fragment of Decarabian's Epic
↑ Book: History of Kings and Clans: Prologue
↑ 28.0 28.1 28.2 28.3 28.4 28.5 28.6 Book: Biography of Gunnhildr
↑ 29.0 29.1 Weapon: Sacrificial Fragments
↑ 30.0 30.1 Book: A Drunkard's Tale
↑ Book: Heart's Desire, Vol. 1 - Moonlight
↑ 32.0 32.1 32.2 Weapon: Windblume Ode
↑ 33.0 33.1 Event Unreconciled Stars Quest: Act IV: Where Ancient Stars Align
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Boreal Wolf's Cracked Tooth
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Boreal Wolf's Nostalgia
↑ Character Level-Up Material: Tail of Boreas
↑ Weapon: Amos' Bow
↑ Weapon: Freedom-Sworn
↑ YouTube: Story Teaser: The Boy and the Whirlwind
↑ Book: Along with Divinity - Prologue
↑ 41.0 41.1 41.2 41.3 41.4 41.5 Manga, Prologue Chapter: Songs of the Wind
↑ 42.0 42.1 Weapon: Sacrificial Sword
↑ Weapon: Sacrificial Greatsword
↑ 44.0 44.1 Weapon: Sacrificial Bow
↑ 45.0 45.1 45.2 45.3 Weapon: Royal Grimoire
↑ Book: Ragged Notebook (Time and Wind)
↑ Book: Thick Notebook
↑ 48.0 48.1 48.2 48.3 Venti's Character Story: Where The Wind Doth Not Blow
↑ Event Invitation of Windblume Quest: Part I: Ode to Flower and Cloud
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 2: Equilibrium
↑ Zhongli's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Bit of Aerosiderite
↑ 53.0 53.1 53.2 Book: Breeze Amidst the Forest, Vol. 1 - Ballad Selection Excerpt
↑ Event Windblume's Breath Quest, Windblume Festival: Part III, Part 3: Joy Above the Clouds
↑ 55.0 55.1 55.2 Artifact Set: Noblesse Oblige
↑ Weapon Series: Sacrificial Series
↑ World Quest: Time and Wind
↑ 58.0 58.1 Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act IV - We Will Be Reunited, Part 3: Dishonorable Trial
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act IV - We Will Be Reunited, Part 4: A Soul Set Apart
↑ 60.0 60.1 Book: The Legend of Vennessa, Vol. 1
↑ Book: Ballads of the Squire, Vol. 1
↑ Book: The Mondstadt Tower
↑ 63.0 63.1 Weapon: Song of Broken Pines
↑ 64.0 64.1 Weapon: Aquila Favonia
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Shackles of the Dandelion Gladiator
↑ 66.0 66.1 66.2 Book: Ancient Investigation Journal: Part III
↑ 67.0 67.1 Weapon: Favonius Lance
↑ Weapon: Royal Longsword
↑ Weapon: Crescent Pike
↑ 70.0 70.1 70.2 Mondstadt Hidden Exploration Objective, Quest-Like: Ragged Records
↑ 71.0 71.1 Weapon: The Stringless
↑ Artifact Set: Wanderer's Troupe
↑ 73.0 73.1 Weapon: The Widsith
↑ 74.0 74.1 74.2 Artifact Set: Resolution of Sojourner
↑ Weapon: The Flute
↑ Book: Ballads of the Squire, Vol. 2
↑ 77.0 77.1 77.2 77.3 Weapon: The Bell
↑ Artifact Set: Gladiator's Finale
↑ Weapon: Deathmatch
↑ 80.0 80.1 Book: Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II
↑ 81.0 81.1 World Quest: A Land Entombed
↑ Book: Ancient Investigation Journal: Part I
↑ Weapon: Missive Windspear
↑ Book: The Legend of Vennessa, Vol. 2
↑ 85.0 85.1 85.2 Weapon: Favonius Codex
↑ Weapon: Royal Bow
↑ Weapon: Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds
↑ 88.0 88.1 YouTube: Venti and the Four Winds
↑ 89.0 89.1 89.2 89.3 Book: Breeze Amidst the Forest, Vol. 2 - The Dragon
↑ Weapon: Wolf's Gravestone
↑ 91.0 91.1 Jean's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ Archon Quest, Prologue, Act II - For a Tomorrow Without Tears, Part 4: Let the Wind Lead
↑ Archon Quest, Prologue, Act III - Song of the Dragon and Freedom, Part 8: Ending Note
↑ 94.0 94.1 94.2 Weapon: Favonius Greatsword
↑ 95.0 95.1 95.2 Artifact Set: Brave Heart
↑ 96.0 96.1 Weapon: Ferrous Shadow
↑ 97.0 97.1 97.2 Weapon: Favonius Sword
↑ 98.0 98.1 98.2 98.3 Artifact Set: Defender's Will
↑ 99.0 99.1 99.2 Weapon Ascension Material: Chunk of Aerosiderite
↑ 100.0 100.1 Event Shadows Amidst Snowstorms Quest: Act I: The Snowy Past
↑ Cleansing Light in Raiden Shogun's Story Quest, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II - Transient Dreams
↑ 102.0 102.1 YouTube: Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream
↑ Genshin Impact Official Site: TeyvatHowever, 500 years ago, the collapse of an ancient civilization turned the universe upside down...
↑ Weapon: Elegy for the End
↑ Weapon: The Black Sword
↑ 106.0 106.1 106.2 Artifact Set: Bloodstained Chivalry
↑ Event The Chalk Prince and the Dragon Quest: Act V, Part 5: Afterword
↑ 108.0 108.1 108.2 Weapon: Skyward Spine
↑ Weapon: Festering Desire
↑ 110.0 110.1 Weapon: Skyward Blade
↑ 111.0 111.1 Weapon: Skyward Pride
↑ 112.0 112.1 Weapon: Dragonspine Spear
↑ Character Level-Up Material: Dvalin's Claw
↑ Artifact Set: Crimson Witch of Flames
↑ Artifact, Pale Flame: Stainless Bloom
↑ Quest Item: Funerary Mask
↑ Character Level-Up Material: Ashen Heart
↑ Archive, Living Beings, Enemies and Monsters, Enemies of Note: La Signora
↑ Story Quest, Xiangling, Trulla Chapter: Act I - Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip, Part 4: Lucky Find
↑ 120.0 120.1 NPC Dialogue: Olaf
↑ Event Wishful Drops World Quest: Life Flows On (II)
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act IV - We Will Be Reunited, Part 1: Involuntary Sacrifice
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act IV - We Will Be Reunited, Part 2: A Herald Without Adherents
↑ 124.0 124.1 Weapon Lore: Favonius Warbow
↑ Amber's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ Event Story Quest Waterborne Poetry: Waterborne Poetry: Part III - Heart of the Deep
↑ Jean's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ 128.0 128.1 128.2 Manga, Chapter 2: Flame Born (Part 2)
↑ Kaeya's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ Jean's Character Story: Jean's Daily Schedule - Ver. XVII
↑ Diluc's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ Diona's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ 133.0 133.1 Manga, Chapter 7: Dusty Chest (Part 1)
↑ Manga, Chapter 6: Wind and Fyre (Part 1)
↑ Diluc's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ Manga, Chapter 8: Final Clue (Part 1)
↑ Diluc's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ Kaeya's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ 139.0 139.1 Kaeya's Character Story: Vision
↑ Manga, Chapter 12: Unshrouded Resolution (Part 2)
↑ Amber's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ Amber's Character Story: Vision
↑ Point of Interest, Qingce Village Bulletin Board: About Amber's Grandfather
↑ 144.0 144.1 Diluc's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Jean's Character Story: Vision
↑ Lisa's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ Fischl's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Fischl's Character Story: Character Story 1
↑ Razor's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ Razor's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ Razor's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Razor's Character Story: Vision
↑ Mika's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ 154.0 154.1 Mika's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ Klee's Character Story: Character Story 1
↑ Albedo's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ Albedo's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Albedo's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ Kaeya's Voice-Over: More About Kaeya: I
↑ Jean's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ Barbara's Voice-Over: About Varka
↑ HoYoLab: With a feather plume as gold as maize, uncharted borders are depicted as clear as day
↑ NPC Dialogue: Godwin
↑ Archon Quest, Prologue, Act II - For a Tomorrow Without Tears, Part 10: State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel
↑ Manga, Chapter 10: Fools Trick (Part 1)
↑ Chinese Manga, Chapter 15: 落定
↑ Chinese Manga, Chapter 16: 添酒
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
OverviewCultureHistory
The nation of Mondstadt is marked by its adherence to "freedom," Barbatos' ideal.
Contents
1 Life in Mondstadt
1.1 Agriculture
1.2 Architecture
1.3 Education
1.4 Cuisine
1.5 Music
1.6 Sword Arts
1.7 Mystic Arts
2 Designs, Motifs, and Symbols
2.1 Character Cards
2.2 Old Mondstadt Symbol
2.3 Decarabian's Cercelée
2.4 Knights of Favonius Crest
2.5 Church of Favonius Symbol
3 Economy
4 Fashion
4.1 Men's Fashion
4.2 Women's Fashion
4.3 Bard's Clothing
4.4 Maid Uniforms
4.5 Church of Favonius Habits
4.6 Knights of Favonius Uniforms
5 Festivals and Holidays
5.1 Windblume Festival
5.2 Ludi Harpastum
5.3 Weinlesefest
6 Languages
7 Politics
8 Travel Highlights
8.1 First Visit to Mondstadt
8.2 Ludi Harpastum
9 Notes
10 References
11 Navigation
Life in Mondstadt[]
Overall, Mondstadt has a casual, laid-back atmosphere derived from their belief in freedom over all else. There has been little socioeconomic stratification ever since the dissolution of the aristocracy 1000 years ago, although certain families such as the Gunnhildr Clan and the Ragnvindr Family enjoy a good reputation due to their long lineages and notable contributions to Mondstadt.
Alcohol plays a major role in Mondstadt both socially and economically. As a result, Mondstadt has a large drinking culture, which in turn has led to a relatively high amount of alcoholics. Nimrod talks about the "Four Drunkards," who are allegedly the biggest drinkers in Mondstadt,[1] though he himself is a relapsing alcoholic; this has earned him the consternation of his wife Eury and his confessor Sister Victoria, and Charles has to contact Eury whenever his drinking gets out-of-hand.[2] Diona's hatred of alcohol stems from her father Draff's personality change whenever he is drunk,[3] though she fails to recognize that it is a direct response to his drinking habits.[4]
After Grace received several complaints from children about drunk fathers stumbling out of wardrobes, the Church of Favonius now sends deaconesses to pray over newly built wardrobes to ward off such incidents.[5] However, beyond hearing confessions and making prayers, the Church of Favonius seems to have little ability to address the real source of the problem, much to the frustration of confessors like Sister Victoria.
In Mondstadt's culture, the rose is symbolic with the keeping of secrets, and represents the saying "As wine bottles are corked, so too are my lips sealed." The idea that it could represent love, as it does in the Traveler's culture, is a completely foreign concept.[6]
Agriculture[]
Under Barbatos' blessing, most of Mondstadt has a gentle climate that allows crops to flourish. Fresh fruits such as sunsettias and apples are abundant, as well as grapes for making wine. Of the wineries in Mondstadt, the Dawn Winery is one of the oldest and most influential, with over a thousand years of history.
Common crops such as carrots and radishes can be found growing in small vegetable gardens in Springvale and the Dawn Winery. While they are not actively raised, Philanemo Mushrooms can be also found abundantly within the residential areas of Mondstadt and have been incorporated into Mondstadters' diets. Some fruits, such as cocoa fruit and lemon, are used in everyday cuisine but are not items typically encountered in-game.
While cows themselves have not been seen in-game, the icon and description for milk indicate that milk cows exist in Mondstadt, and dairy products are utilized in Mondstadt dishes.
Architecture[]
Much of the City of Mondstadt is constructed in Gothic style and Fachwerk (timberframing).
Outside of the city, most towns and villages have smaller houses that are designed in a more traditional style, such as the Classic Country Home. While fireplaces are no longer needed in Mondstadt due to its constantly-moderate climate,[7] housing styles do not seem to have changed much. Thanks to the shorter height of the houses there, Springvale is often used as a practice ground for people learning how to use Wind Gliders.[8]
Education[]
It appears that most people are tutored for general education, and people may choose to enter a certain trade and become apprenticed to a master for further instruction, like how Schulz is apprenticed to Wagner and how Sucrose and Timaeus are assistants for Albedo to learn more about alchemy. The literacy rate in Mondstadt appears to be quite high, as no Mondstadt NPCs are illiterate like there are in the neighboring nation of Liyue.[Note 1] The only known Mondstadt character in present-day who is illiterate is Razor,[9] though this is due to him being raised by the wolves of Wolvendom.
The Mondstadt Library was once the largest library in the northern half of Teyvat. However, after most of the library burned down during the Great Fire of Fall Equinox at an unknown point in the past, it was reduced to one-sixth of its original size.[10]
Prior to Albedo's arrival to Mondstadt, Mondstadters thought little of alchemy, believing it to be nothing more than "putting broken odds and ends" together.[11] Their views have changed since then, with Timaeus promoting alchemy's benefits to the people of Mondstadt.
Cuisine[]
Main page: Category:Mondstadt Dishes
True to Mondstadt's reputation as the nation of wine and song, alcohol comprises a defining part of Mondstadt cuisine. As a result, ingredients used in alcohol production (such as apples) are often featured in their dishes. Mondstadt's notable dishes include Moon Pie, "Pile 'Em Up," Mondstadt Grilled Fish, and Mondstadt Hash Browns. Dandelion wine is their most famous beverage, followed by both alcoholic and non-alcoholic apple cider.
Milk, butter, cheese, and cream are commonly used in Mondstadt dishes, which suggests they have dairy cattle and by extension a dairy industry, although cattle cannot be found in-game. Befitting the "Land of Pastorals," six out of eight of the nation's local specialties are known to be edible,[Note 2] while the two that have no currently known culinary use (Cecilias and Windwheel Asters) are likely edible as well.
Mondstadt's alcohol industry comprises a wide array of alcoholic beverages. In addition to grape wines, hard ciders made of apple and cherry have been mentioned,[12] beer tankards can be found in Angel's Share, and jagerschnapps (a portmanteau of the real-life Jägermeister and schnapps) have also been mentioned.[13] Mondstadt's most famous alcoholic product is dandelion wine, which is similar to absinthe in strength.[Note 3]
Most people in Mondstadt are unable to tolerate spicy tastes - Vile claims that roughly 86% of the population refuses to go near a Jueyun Chili and that Diluc ended up refusing a partnership with Snezhnayan merchants with their Fire-Water after drinking it and being knocked out for three days.[14]
In more recent times, at Diluc's request, the Dawn Winery has been expanding their repertoire to non-alcoholic drinks, such as non-alcoholic apple cider and grape juice. The former has proven to be a big hit, with monthly sales on par with that of dandelion wine.[15] In addition to cocktails, Angel's Share has a fairly extensive menu of non-alcoholic drinks comprised of coffees, teas, juices, and blended mixes. Fizzy water is used in some drinks, which indicates that Angel's Share either has a source of naturally carbonated water, or they utilize artificial carbonation techniques.
Music[]
Lyres play a prominent part in Mondstadt's traditional music, dating back to Decarabian's era. During that time, lyres were much larger and stood on the floor, much like a harp.[16]
Thanks to Alice's influence, Mondstadt has begun developing an idol subculture through Barbara.[17]
Sword Arts[]
Main article: Martial Arts in Teyvat § Mondstadt
Mystic Arts[]
Main article: Mystic Arts in Teyvat § Mondstadt
Designs, Motifs, and Symbols[]
See also: Symbols in Teyvat
The following designs, motifs, and symbols are largely exclusive to the Mondstadt region or Mondstadt-affiliated parties.
Character Cards[]
Mondstadt Character Cards contain a large circle inlaid with a smaller circle aligned towards the bottom of the larger circle. At the top center of the large circle is the Mondstadt Vision symbol, with the character's element inlaid inside it. Five icons can be found to each side of the Vision, growing smaller in size as the space between the large and smaller circles decreases.
The bottom three icons on both sides are identical: the bottom is a dandelion leaf, above it is a dandelion flower, and above that is a Windwheel Aster. The remaining four icons each represent one of the Four Winds: the Falcon of the West (bottom left), the Wolf of the North (top left), the Lion of the South (top right), and the Dragon of the East (bottom right).
As seen on Albedo
Old Mondstadt Symbol[]
The Old Mondstadt symbol (unofficial name) is a prominent design related to Mondstadt's history, whether under Decarabian's reign or the Mondstadt Aristocracy's. Its general form can be recognized as a pair of outstretched wings with a tail at the bottom. Several variations exist, and which is the original version or what it symbolized is unknown. As a whole, they may be based on the visually-similar Anemo symbol.
The most prominent version can be found on the weapon ascension materials related to Decarabian, on the Royal Series weapons, and on the Noblesse Oblige artifact set. It has two "feathers" per wing, with two shorter protrusions along the top of the wings. The tail have two inward-pointing "feathers" that form a diamond out of negative space.
The Lawrence Clan's Glacial Seal is another version and can be seen on Eula's talent symbols, namecard, and idle animation.
The Anemo symbol's differences from the Old Mondstadt symbol can be seen at the top, where the two protrusions are instead a third set of feathers on the wings. Furthermore, the tail forms a triangle with white space instead of negative space, and the inward-pointing feathers along the tail no longer exist.
The Old Mondstadt symbol on Fragment of Decarabian's EpicThe symbol on the Royal Silver UrnThe symbol on Royal GrimoireThe Glacial Seal on Eula's talent, Roiling RimeThe Anemo symbol, the possible inspiration for the Old Mondstadt symbol
Decarabian's Cercelée[]
See also: Decarabian's Mondstadt § Architecture and Design
Decarabian's cercelée is a cross with two rounded-in curls on each end. It is seen as a design motif on walls and pillars within Stormterror's Lair, as well as on some ruins related to Decarabian located outside of the city.
Decarabian's cercelée
Knights of Favonius Crest[]
Two versions of the Knights of Favonius crest exist. One can be seen on the shields within the Knights of Favonius Headquarters, while the other version can be seen on the Knights of Favonius uniforms, with the current exception of Kaeya. They are typically placed on the breastplate for standard uniforms, or along the midsection of custom uniforms.
The version seen on shields appears to be a truncated version of the full version seen on uniforms. The entire bottom portion is missing, while the bottom part of the top portion has been shifted upwards, taking up the negative space present in the full version.
The crest on the standard male uniform (Swan)The Knights of Favonius crest on Amber's uniformThe crest on the Favonius Coat of Arms
Church of Favonius Symbol[]
This symbol is displayed on the headwear of those affiliated with the Church of Favonius (with the notable exception of Rosaria). It seems to be a variant on the fleur-de-lis with an emphasis on wide, downward curving 'wings'. It bears passing resemblance to both the Anemo symbol and the Christian cross.
Seamus PeggBarbara, the DeaconessVictoria
Economy[]
Mondstadt's economy largely revolves the production and export of alcohol. The Dawn Winery is Mondstadt's finest purveyor of alcoholic drinks and is the undisputed leader of Mondstadt's alcohol industry. Dawn Winery is also a leader in the alcohol industry in all of Teyvat, and merchants and businesses from other nations have tried to gain understanding, both honestly and dishonestly, about the methods that lead to the high quality of the alcohol from Dawn Winery, especially its signature Dandelion Wine.[18] In addition, merchants from Liyue purchase alcohol from Mondstadt and resell it to the rest of Teyvat, both legitimately as trade unions who import Mondstadt's alcohol[12] and not so legitimately as individual merchants.[19]
Apart from traveling merchants (especially from Liyue, who use the Stone Gate), Mondstadt also conducts trade with other nations through their ports, one of them being Dornman Port.[20]
Fashion[]
Mondstadt fashion is generally inspired by tracht, the traditional garments in German-speaking regions.
Men's Fashion[]
Male children's attire(Timmie)Men's attire, version 1(Anthony)Men's attire, version 2(Stevens)Men's attire, version 3(Connor)Men's attire, version 4(Allan)Men's attire, version 5(Jotun)Elderly men's attire(Tunner)
Boys in Mondstadt wear short-sleeved tunics with short vests, as well as short trousers similar to lederhosen. Men tend to wear wide trousers tucked into tall boots.
Women's Fashion[]
Female children's attire (Flora)Women's attire, version 1 (Eury)Women's attire, version 2 (Vile)Women's attire, version 3 (Marjorie)Women's attire, version 4 (Troubled Lianne)
Girls' attire and the fourth version of women's attire are more obviously based on the dirndl, a type of Germanic folk costume. The girls' costume typically comes in pink (like Flora's) or blue (like Tia's). The women's dirndl is usually seen in red (Margaret), orange (Myrana), or blue (Donna).
The first and second versions of women's attire are similar besides the blouse and bodice (or lack thereof, in the second version's case). Besides that, they have the same type of detached sleeve, bloomers, and short boots. The first version has three main color schemes: white and blue (Ellin), white and green (Anna), or light brown and dark brown (Dr. Livingstone).
The third version of women's attire features a double breasted jacket with puff sleeves over a knee-length dress. It comes in two colors: a gray jacket with a blue dress and short gloves (Marjorie, Dr. Edith, and Freki), or a purple/black jacket with a white dress and long gloves (Patchi the Curious and Esther). Notably, the second version has only been used on researchers; whether this is coincidence, or if they are part of a research organization, is unknown.
Bard's Clothing[]
Male bard attire(Alfred)Female bard attire(Sansa)
Currently, only one clothing style exists for each gender. Men wear a white-and-green striped shirt underneath a green jacket, with green pants, white boots, and a green cravat. Women wear a white blouse and brown skirt covered by a red dress.
Maid Uniforms[]
Maid attire, version 1(Adelinde)Maid attire, version 2(Hillie)
Mondstadt's maid uniforms have their appreciators in neighboring countries. Master Hui obtained such uniforms for his servant Xi the Maid to wear, something that she explains as a "curious hobby of his."[21]
Church of Favonius Habits[]
Black Church of Favonius habit(Grace)White Church of Favonius habit(Vind)
There are two main versions of the Church of Favonius habit worn by sisters of the order. One is black, which seems to be the more common form, while the white version has so far only been seen on Vind and Jilliana. It is currently unknown whether these colors represent their status in the church.
While there are men in the Church of Favonius, such as the current Seneschal Seamus Pegg and his substitute, Cardinal Calvin, there are currently no male Church of Favonius NPCs in the game so the designs for their habits are unknown.
Knights of Favonius Uniforms[]
Men's Uniform 1 - Plain(Swan)Men's Uniform 2 - Brass(Lawrence)Women's Uniform(Hertha)
The standard men's uniform consists of a black long-sleeve shirt, horse riding pants, gloves, and brown leather shoulder pads. The white plate armor the Knights wear have two variations of their appearance: brass-accented and plain. Wing motifs decorate various parts of the armor and the Knights of Favonius crest is seen on the breastplate.
The standard women's uniform consists of a black long-sleeved shirt, tight-fitting pants, and gray knee-length skirt with white plate armor worn on top. Unlike men, the women do not wear poleyns to cover the knees and only have greaves on their legs.
Not all Knights have a sword. For those who do, men keep their swords sheathed and hung from their belt at their left side while women's swords are on their right side. Only a few Knights are known to keep a blowing horn on their person. The sword used by the Knights resembles the shape of the Traveler's Handy Sword.
Festivals and Holidays[]
Windblume Festival[]
Main article: Windblume Festival
The Windblume Festival is a celebration of love and friendship. Much of the festival revolves around the titular Windblume, a flower which was said to have been used as a symbol of freedom and resistance during Decarabian's era. Over the ages, the nature of the Windblume has been lost, and so which flower found throughout Mondstadt is the "real" Windblume is a subject of popular debate during the festival.
Ludi Harpastum[]
Main article: Ludi Harpastum
Ludi Harpastum is a fifteen-day festival filled with food, games, and music, intended to commemorate how Barbatos taught his people to brew wine and live freely. The champion of the games gets to choose a maiden, who will throw the Harpastum — a ball wrapped in red cloth — at the end of the festival. Whoever picks up the ball is said to enjoy good fortune for a year.
Weinlesefest[]
Main article: Weinlesefest
Weinlesefest is a festival in Mondstadt revolving around making new wine and inviting the Anemo Archon to drink if the Anemo Archon is happy with the wine.
Languages[]
For the most part, Mondstadt predominantly uses the common language, with some signs using another language.
The letters of the common language appear to be a mirrored and broken up version of Fraktur, a font that was typical for medieval Germany and that was still in use up until the early 20th century. The secondary language appears to be a simpler, reversed form of the Roman alphabet.
While the common language uses the aforementioned historic German font, all texts are written in English. German is less commonly used for names and titles, such as Venti's lyre Der Himmel[22] or in Fischl's chosen name Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort. However, German has not been seen in written form in the game world and so it is unknown whether it uses a different writing system from the common language.
Politics[]
Before Vennessa's rebellion, the Lawrence Clan were the ones who governed Mondstadt. While they initially ruled just, they eventually became corrupted by greed and arrogance, ruling the country with an iron fist.
After her rebellion, the clan was thrown out and the Knights of Favonius were established to replace them. While they are not an explicit ruling entity per Barbatos' request to let the people live in freedom, they are still seen by other organizations such as the Liyue Qixing and Fatui as the ruling party. The Knights of Favonius are mostly based in the city of Mondstadt, but generally patrol the surrounding countryside, resolving disputes and other threats such as hilichurl attacks.
Varka is the Grand Master of the knights, essentially making him the nation's leader, though he had left prior to the events of the game to lead an expedition; thus, Jean is the current representative until he returns.
Travel Highlights[]
The Teyvat Travel Highlights are a series of publications by the Adventurers' Guild, posted on the Genshin Impact official website. Their author is unknown.
First Visit to Mondstadt[]
The City of Freedom, the Crown of the North, the Romantic City of Pastorals — these are names heralded by poets and artists alike for the renowned city of Mondstadt.
I am devoted to poetry, music, wine, and festivities as much as the next bard; they are literally and metaphorically the sustenance of my life. Therefore, just as any bard would be, I am drawn to Mondstadt like a moth to a flame.
What caught my attention recently was the sightings of a dragon near Mondstadt. This has had the city folk wrapped in rumors and speculations, myself included. Maybe my curiosity got the better of me, or perhaps I too have the blood of an adventurer inside of me, for I am determined to venture forth to the City of Freedom that I have yearned for so long.
I took the route inland, for I very much prefer the company of changing terrains and mountains to the eternal blue. Traversing the treacherous Wolvendom took additional time, but I finally reached the Whispering Woods on the outskirts of Mondstadt four weeks ago. As its name would suggest, the sound of the wind caressing the leaves was like whispers in the woods. Could it be a gracious gift from the legendary bard, Barbatos the Anemo Archon, who the people of Mondstadt worship?
It is close to summer at this time of the year, and the temperate climate across the region is evident: Starfell Plains exhibits great vitality in the spring breeze. The trails and roads have sprung to life with flourishing flora, like Lamp Grass and Sweet Flowers.
Encounters with members of the Adventurers' Guild are frequent. They are likely brought here by the rumors of the dragon as well. I am much obliged to them, with them present my journey has been unperilous.
The vistas of the plains are invigorating. My first time camping out in the wilds also proved to be quite an experience, short-lived as it was, for I reached the gates of Mondstadt the following day.
The clear water from Cider Lake flows into the city through the ancient irrigation ditches, converging at the great fountain situated in the center of the plaza.
Stone steps lead up to a towering Cathedral, serving as the highest landmark in the city. The Cathedral's immediate surroundings feature an unworldly serenity, quite the juxtaposition with the bustling marketplace only a few blocks away.
The Mondstadt Cathedral undoubtedly puts all other Cathedrals I've visited to shame in terms of grandeur and magnificence. The ever-present prayers from the devoted sisters and followers have given the Cathedral the divinity it enjoys. Though perhaps not as traditional as other Cathedrals, the Mondstadt Cathedral bears the spirit of its people and culture. Legend has it that the Holy Lyre der Himmel, which Barbatos used to liberate Mondstadt centuries ago, is kept right here in its halls.
I've heard the stories of the legendary Anemo Archon and his beloved lyre in many taverns across the continent, as they are a second home to bards and musicians. The story goes: Mondstadt was ruled by the Aristocrats in the distant past, who periodically sacrificed slaves to a drake as tributes for a false treaty of peace. Vennessa, one of the slaves at the time, defeated the drake with the help of the Anemo Archon themselves, who had taken on the guise of a bard. Together, they liberated and revitalized the city of Mondstadt.
I have to admit, Mondstadt indeed is a free and open city; this fact is evident in its culture and people. Earlier, I asked a lively young maiden on the street for directions. As soon as she learned that I was a bard from afar, she kindly extended an offer to show me around the marketplace.
Truth to be told — with no disrespect — this young maiden, who claimed to be a member of the Knights of Favonius, was a bit too much for a simple bard such as me; her generous tour around the city only ended at midnight. I have no time to take to my notebook to pen down how the city is at night, for the calling of the bed is beyond what even the sister's prayers could keep at bay.
Good night. May the Anemo Archon, the protector of Mondstadt, be my muse, and gift me with wondrous rhymes at dawn.
Memo:
- Trekking Poles (The mountains of Mondstadt are said to be both beautiful and treacherous. In addition to providing stability on tough terrains, the trekking poles could serve as weapons if need be.)
- Compass and maps (Though we bards sing of the night skies of Mondstadt, most are not equipped with the skills nor the confidence to navigate by the stars, myself included.)
- First-Aid Kit
- The Teyvat Wilderness Survivalist's Recipes, by Lynn the Survivalist. (A bestselling cookbook owned by every traveler and adventurer.)
- Rations, water, cookware (Although ingredients are all around us in the wild, emergency rations are a must; better safe than sorry.)
- Notebooks and felt pens kept handy to answer a muse's calling.
- Tent and sleeping bag for camping (Recommended by the Adventurers' Guild.)
- Flints and pocket knife (For cooking and roasting food on the road, or to protect against wild beasts.)
- Select Works of Alan the Bard
- The almighty Mora
Ludi Harpastum[]
For us freedom-loving bards, it is our journey, and not our destination that we most enjoy. Or at least, that is what I believed for many decades before arriving in Mondstadt.
Today marks my tenth day in Mondstadt, a complete contradiction to my initial itinerary. (I was originally to leave for my next destination two days ago.)
One reason I've decided to stay is that I found Mondstadt to be perfectly faithful to its depiction by Alan the Bard, whose poetry inspires me the most. Its sweet and mysterious secrets are hidden in unknown spots, silently yearning to be discovered. However, if I'm truly honest, my stay in Mondstadt has been extended because of Ludi Harpastum, an annual festival in the city. What a delight! How could I miss out on such an occasion?
I once heard a drunk Mondstadt merchant say that when Mondstadt was still but a small village, it was graced by the feather of a free bird, dropped by Barbatos. It was that feather that allowed Mondstadt to become the city it is today. Ever since, a commemoration has taken place every year to thank the Anemo Archon for his blessing. Over time, this commemoration grew to be the huge festival that we all know as Ludi Harpastum. Nowadays, it is fifteen days full of exquisite wine, poetry, music, flowers, and rituals. At this time of the year, the whole city bursts with joy and freedom.
The citizens of Mondstadt were already busy preparing for the festival on the day I arrived.
Taverns and restaurants display their finest dishes at their doorstep, while Dawn Winery delivers plenty of barrels filled with craft beer and cider. (Believe me, Mondstadt has all the best brews in Teyvat.) Barbatos' guidance will lead you through the happy streets of Mondstadt, where all kinds of cheese, grilled meat, and fresh fruit release delicious fragrances. Each family hangs a handmade Harpastum on their doors, made by the lady of their household. Inspired bards from all over the continent stop in their tracks to sing their wonderful poems.
I'm sure that folks nowadays have forgotten about the original sacred aspect of Ludi Harpastum and might see it as a mere succession of lively events, no different from any ordinary festival. However, to us bards with a keen eye for detail, Ludi Harpastum is definitely the best festival in the mystical land of Teyvat. Even an outsider to Mondstadt like me can enjoy the feelings of freedom and independence that are unique to this city in just a short amount of time.
In my opinion, the people and customs of Mondstadt are freer than in any other place in Teyvat, and it shows during the exciting festivities of Ludi Harpastum which last all night long.
I attended the gliding championship during the last days of the festival, standing among the cheerful crowd on the plaza next to the Cathedral. There, I immediately recognized the girl who showed me around Mondstadt on my first day. I remembered her proudly telling me about being a gliding champion, though I had doubted her at the time. Now that I've seen her glide with my own eyes, like a red flash tearing through the sky, I have no choice but to admit that Barbatos blessed his people with freedom, courage, vitality and fierce willpower. All of these things run deep in their veins.
Of course, I needed to find a way to apologize to the great Anemo Archon for being skeptical of his disciple. After the championship, I quietly hung a poem that I wrote for the young girl in fiery red on the most obvious wind chime in the plaza, in the hope that she would find my apologies and best wishes — things I was too ashamed to tell her myself.
Even in the middle of the night, it's not unusual to hear noise and to see the market being illuminated by glowing lights when I gaze outside my window. When I one day become too old to travel, I wish to settle in a small house I'd build in a sunny place on the outskirts of Mondstadt. If people were to knock on my door to bring me craft beer from Angel's Share, I'd welcome them with my most passionate verses.
Notes[]
↑ Both Lan and Ren'yu are explicitly stated to be illiterate or have low literacy skills, indicating that people from lower socioeconomic classes in Liyue might not receive any formal education.
↑ Calla Lily and Small Lamp Grass are used in in-game recipes. Xiangling mentions eating valberries in her character stories, dandelions are used to make dandelion wine, and Grace prepares Mondstadt Hash Browns with Philanemo Mushrooms for Timmie in Sorry, Timmie!
↑ In the Teyvat Food Notes, which publishes real-life recipes for in-game dishes, absinthe is used as a substitute for dandelion wine. Real-life dandelion wine is typically of moderate alcohol content.
References[]
↑ NPC Dialogue: Nimrod
↑ Commission: Presumption of Innocence
↑ Diona's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ NPC Dialogue: Draff
↑ Furnishing: Large Birch Wardrobe
↑ Noelle's Character Story: "Warning of Roses", Noelle's Voice-Overs.
↑ Furnishing: Classic Country Home
↑ Serenitea Pot, Special Dialogue: Amber - Idyllic Town
↑ Event Midsummer Island Adventure Quest: Part III: Dodo-King of the Sea: Lying in Wait
↑ Weapon: Favonius Codex
↑ Albedo's Character Story: Character Details
↑ 12.0 12.1 NPC Dialogue: Patton
↑ Commission: Pigeons Go AWOLDraff: Well, I suppose they are getting plump, and would probably make a great pairing with a glass of jagerschnapps...
↑ NPC Dialogue: Vile
↑ Diluc's Character Story: Dawn Winery's Apple Cider
↑ Furnishing: Classical Lyre: Tenor of the Wind
↑ Barbara's Character Story: Alice's Idol Magazine
↑ Commission: Wine, with a Taste of Freedom
↑ NPC Dialogue: Hulu
↑ NPC Dialogue: Jones
↑ NPC Dialogue: Xi the Maid
↑ Manga, Prologue: Songs of the Wind (Part 2):Venti: Here is my partner, a lyre I call Der Himmel, or The Heavens in the common tongue.
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
OverviewCultureHistoryDesign
Contents
1 Videos
2 Developer Insight: Liyue Chapter
2.1 Design from Difference
2.2 Design from Life Experience
2.3 Constantly Iterating on Landmarks
3 "Travels Afar" Scenic Spot Collaboration Documentary
3.1 Zhangjiajie Chapter
3.2 Guilin Chapter
3.3 Huanglong Chapter
4 Guilin Scenic
5 Huanglong National Park Photos
Videos[]
"Travels Afar" Scenic Spot Collaboration Documentary - Guilin Chapter - Genshin Impact"Travels Afar" Scenic Spot Collaboration Documentary - Huanglong Chapter - Genshin Impact"Travels Afar" Scenic Spot Collaboration Documentary - Zhangjiajie Chapter - Genshin Impact
Developer Insight: Liyue Chapter[]
Developer Insight Second Issue - Liyue Chapter 1
Greetings, Travelers! Do any of you who are stuck at home due to COVID-19 miss the distant scenery outside?
We received a great deal of feedback following the release of our first Developer Insight essay, with many Travelers hoping that we could release some content that introduces the beautiful scenery of Liyue.
In response to these calls, we have been able to invite a member of our art department to explain the thought process behind Liyue's design in detail, using Dihua Marsh as the main reference.
Hello, everyone. I'm Ziyuan from HoYoverse's art department. At the request of my colleagues from the marketing department, I've come to explain some of our design principles for the Liyue Region of Teyvat.
Two things lie at the heart of our department's thought process: how to fashion a style during the design process, and how to communicate that aesthetic effectively. Since we are designing Teyvat from the ground up as if it were a living, breathing world, each of the seven nations should have its own style. We want to convey the landscapes and customs of each region. Much like regions and cities in our own world, each of these must be unique yet interlinked, enriched by people living there, and connected by those who come to and fro.
Liyue is precisely such a city, brimming with life and culture. Here, the colors and customs of the East build upon one another to paint an exquisite tapestry, and what we want to do here is to display the finer details of this tapestry to everyone.
Design from Difference[]
Liyue lies to the south of Mondstadt. Departing from the main gate of Mondstadt, we scale the Windwail Highland, trek through Springvale, pass the Dawn Winery by, and come upon some fascinating terrain. Twin peaks intersect in mid-air, forming what almost appears to be an archway. In-game, those who pass through this area call it the Stone Gate.
When players set off for Liyue from Mondstadt along the mercantile land route, they essentially must all pass through the Stone Gate. It can be seen as a landmark, and it also marks the boundary between the two regions. Thus, the experience of the Stone Gate directly influences the first impression that players will have of Liyue as a region.
Before designing this locale, we first set a direction for that design. We hoped that the Stone Gate could impart upon players the feeling expressed in Tao Yuanming's poem, Peach Blossom Spring: "After a great many steps, a breathtaking scene appears before one's very eyes." Starting from the Stone Gate, the terrain starts to shift, and the architecture along the path gradually becomes more like that of Liyue. As players pass through the Stone Gate, the scenery opens up, and countless beautiful scenes from right out of a Chinese landscape painting — wholly different from those seen in Mondstadt — begin to reveal themselves.
Entrance to the Stone Gate (In-game)Karst LandformFinalized Stone Gate (In-game)
Several of my colleagues and I hail from Southwest China, and not a few times were we reminded of our hometown as we designed the Stone Gate. The world-famous mountains and rivers of our home proved to be the ideal reference material, and after much discussion, it was agreed that the Karst Landforms emblematic of the southwestern regions would be the basis for Liyue's theme.
We brought this style into the game, and began the process of intricately designing mountains and peaks, taking care to remove any trace of human artifice by making each monolith look as natural as possible. This way, we would be able to create the effect of nature set apart, and enhance the naturalness and openness of the gaming experience.
In the initial stages of design, we did consider a canyon-like entrance inspired by the Yixiantian Gap Road (a hiking trail in Southwest China). However, such a narrow strip of road would cause the game experience in this area to be linear and monotonous, so after referencing all sorts of ancient cliff-hewn roads, we finally decided on this design.
Design from Life Experience[]
The first stop after passing through Liyue's Stone Gate is Dihua Marsh.
The task of designing Dihua Marsh was treated almost as solemnly as the Stone Gate. We imagined the player following a winding path beneath the great monoliths at nighttime, gazing up at the sea of stars shining down. This creates quite a magical mood for their journey, which culminates in their arrival at Dihua Marsh just as dawn is breaking. So Dihua Marsh had to be this first stunning sight that the player sees in the light of day.
This train of thought led us to feel that Dihua must be like the beautiful face that emerges when the veil falls away, capturing the aesthetic of Liyue in its full glory. Thus, the design of this locale became the focus of our research.
The most difficult part of this process was unifying an entire art style. How does one do that? Each person has disparate experiences, interpretations and artistic inclinations, and in working together as a team, a great number of disparate creative directions were also born. One person suggested that we could add in the pines and bamboos of Suzhou, and another felt that a Huizhou-style canal town would be best. Someone else proposed the otherworldly natural beauty of Huanglong in Sichuan, and still another spoke of an unforgettable trip they had once taken, suggesting that the area be lined with roaring rivers and misty lakes... It would be accurate to say that this area became the medium for each person's ideals of "Chinese-style beauty," "the beauty of one's hometown," and "the beauty of the land."
Coming from every corner of the world, having led disparate lives and possessing equally different souls, each of us therefore also had our very own imagined "Dihua Marsh," unlike any other. So even though it eventually took on the form you see today, in our hearts, it has a hundred forms and a thousand faces. It is holy ground, from which infinite imagination springs forth in abundance.
After many stylistic clashes, we finally set on a theme: a fantasy that leans close to real scenery. What the art department wanted to do was to keep the style of Dihua Marsh within the realms of Eastern fantasy art.
After deciding on this general theme, we began to discuss such things as "What sort of beauty is unique to Eastern fantasy?" and "What elements of art can only be found in the East?" We hoped that this land would really make an impression on people. It had to not only be pretty, but also unique, capturing both the artistry and dramatic flair of the East.
After going through huge amounts of relevant material, one piece of imagery jumped out at us: reeds. They often feature in period films, and are usually associated with scenes of austerity and bleakness.
But, could they be something else, we asked? What were reeds to us? What were they to me?
Yangshuo Scenery (for demonstration only)Image taken from the film "A Chinese Odyssey"
As a person born and bred in Guangxi, my schooldays were spent in Guilin City, and my school itself was but a stone's throw away from Yangshuo County. I would go there to hang out when I was free. Yangshuo is situated to the south of the Guilin city area, and between its rolling hills and towering cliffs, it became a wondrous tourism hotspot. I was at home in Yangshuo, delighting in its peaks and stone forests. Against the backdrop of the Karst landforms, these sights were transformed by water bodies, vegetation, and the interplay of light and shadow in such a way that one almost felt the land itself was a living thing, expressing its emotions through these changes in some inscrutable way.
Juxtaposed against this stone scenery were the reeds that lined the banks of the Nanxu River. At sunset, the warm light would waft across from the far bank, turning the entire world into something right out of a painting. It was a beauty that had to be seen to be believed.
Bai Juyi once wrote in The Song of the Pipa Player: "Bidding goodnight to guests at Xunyang River's edge, while the autumn maple and amur shimmer in the wind." (Though reeds and amur silvergrass are not the same thing, the spaces they occupy in artistic expression are connected.)
For me, that which in isolation creates a sense of austere solitude, yet has elegant magnificence at scale, and encompasses both dramatic and natural beauty — that is the beating heart of Eastern fantasy.
According to this visualization, this area should have an ocean of flowers that springs to life beside water. I was also able to move the wonderful memories of my schooldays onto the terrain simulations we did. Thus were laid the foundations of Dihua Marsh, the core area of northern Liyue.
Eastern beauty is about striking a delicate balance — neither overdoing it, nor underdoing it. Aiming to achieve the same balance of content and empty space characteristic of Chinese landscape paintings, we constructed an array of peaks and stone forests in the distance behind that floral sea. The essence of Dihua Marsh we define as follows: vivid, expressive, and free.
Constantly Iterating on Landmarks[]
After reaching Dihua Marsh, one of the first things players exploring the area will find is the central structure in this area: Wangshu Inn. Sitting atop a towering pillar of rock, it is Liyue's first landmark piece of architecture.
From early on in the very first IP Design Document, the name "Wangshu Inn" was already a foregone conclusion. The head of the development team hoped that this inn would "soothe those who gaze out at the scenery," which is basically the literal meaning of 'wangshu' in Chinese. Incidentally, Wangshu is also one of the aliases of the moon in traditional Chinese — specifically it alludes to the beauty of the moon goddess. In that sense, the view from Wangshu Inn should capture the enchanting beauty of Liyue as a whole, since the 'yue' of Liyue is the more common Chinese term for the moon.
The reference for its conception was "Dragon Inn," a martial arts film well-loved by everyone in the department. Thus, Wangshu Inn inherited the unique feature of the Dragon Inn: while peaceful and pedestrian on the outside, it is in fact the stage for a fierce clash between "crouching tigers and hidden dragons."*
*The "tigers" and "dragons" here refer to people with hidden or unnoticed special talents. Thus, this idiom refers to people to whom there is more than meets the eye.
Wangshu Inn Concept Art - VIIScreenshot from "Dragon Inn"
Wangshu Inn has an excellent vantage point, to the extent that it could pull double duty as a watchtower. On the one hand, this inn is a place where one can expand one's horizons. At the same time, local legend has it that Wangshu Inn is one of the places where the adepti of Liyue gather, a secret base of operations from which they conduct the extermination of monsters in the surrounding area.
And that's not all. The plateau on which Wangshu Inn is built has its own fair share of history as well. According to the IP documents, in a combination of ancient Chinese myths about the dragon Bixi, the Dihua Marsh of antiquity used to experience seasonal floods. In order to avoid disaster, people would build their homes on large rocks, using them to their advantage against the rising waters, and thus escaping damage from flooding.
At the same time, we also considered that the finished structure should look striking when viewed from afar. After referencing ancient stilted buildings and the Xuankong Temple, the facade of Wangshu Inn also began to take shape.
Completed Structure - Concept Art 10Fenghuang Ancient City Stilted Architecture
Wangshu Inn was designed to be a home to many characters who are full of surprises. But on a normal day, it is simply a bustling inn. Inns have always been a hub for people on the move, as well as a place where local culture leaves its indelible marks. So it is with Wangshu Inn, the nexus of human activity from Dihua Marsh to the Guili Plains. From porters delivering goods, to traveling merchants, to adventurers... All sorts of people come here, and their experiences become part of the Inn's history.
During the design process, we at the art department often ask ourselves questions such as: What do the people here do every day? How do they get around? After some discussion with the IP department, we were able to derive behavioral norms and ways of living for characters and NPCs based on the larger story world, which we then used to help us design the details. In the current floorplan of the inn, the platform at its base is a resting spot for porters, bedecked with simple tables and chairs, with some tea on the side for guests. As for the water wheel-powered elevator, it is used to ferry guests and goods up and down the floors.
Xuankong Temple in Hunyuan County, Shanxi ProvinceWater Wheel-powered Elevator (In-game)Inn Interior Design Concept Art - I
We took the same approach to the interior design. Namely, we first pictured the NPCs' needs, wants and their state of mind before then using these results to create amenities for them.
The other core functions of an inn are the provision of meals and a place to stay. As such, the inn must have also have a kitchen, in which the cooks prepare food and drinks for the guests.
With spaces to eat and stay comes the need for storage space, and so the inn's interior underwent a renovation along the lines of Xuankong Temple. Once the rock's summit had been hewn out, the living space increased drastically. The kitchen was situated on the bottom floor of the inn, allowing guests at the reception area to gaze down at the busy kitchen, while heading from reception to the second floor would allow one to take in all the sights of Dihua Marsh at a single glance.
So that's a small part of our design concept for the Dihua Marsh area. At present, Liyue is home to many more interesting locales, many of which we are furiously working on as we speak.
We will continue to dig deep and improve on the twin aspects of flair and finesse, and strive toward creating more interesting and top-quality content, in order to bring you a better and more complete experience.
Many thanks to everyone who read up to this point. I'm Ziyuan. Let's meet again sometime!
"Travels Afar" Scenic Spot Collaboration Documentary[]
Zhangjiajie Chapter[]
"Travels Afar" Scenic Spot Collaboration Documentary - Zhangjiajie Chapter
One of the most important elements while designing an aesthetic for an open-world game is the topography, which serves as a foundation for all other content.
Inspired by the majestic topography of Zhangjiajie's karst landscapes, we created areas such as Liyue's Jueyun Karst and the entrance to Mt. Tianheng. In this chapter of the documentary, we invite our artists to discuss the creative philosophy behind those locations with you.
The Creative Inspiration for Liyue
Haidi, Environment Art Team Lead: Genshin Impact is an open-world game — we have always viewed Teyvat as a real world we were designing. With seven distinct nations, the natural features of each region and the cultures and customs they represent are the things we wanted to convey. In the initial stages of game design, we decided that one of the regions will be a re-imagining of Chinese motifs through the lens of a fantasy world, and the end result of that is the Liyue that you see now. At present, open-world games with China-inspired features are few and far between. In creating Liyue, we wanted to share our vision of the "Chinese aesthetic" with players around the world. Genshin Impact combines an anime-influenced, cartoonish style that emphasizes a fresh and lively aesthetic with natural features and key elements of culture that evoke China to showcase Liyue's core artistic vision. Then, based on those real-life references points, we infused that artistic vision with fantastical elements to match Genshin Impact's aesthetic and tone.
How Scenery Designers Create the "Chinese-Style Aesthetic"
Haidi, Environment Art Team Lead: One of the most important elements while designing an aesthetic for an open-world game is the topography, which serves as a foundation for all other content. What natural features should have prominence in Liyue to represent the Chinese characteristics in front of the global player base and how to guarantee that those elements would be well-received — those were the central issues that we constantly considered in the early stages. This is why we collected a great deal of visual resources and conducted field research. Through the process of repeated screening and comparison, we finally selected Zhangjiajie as one of our main sources of inspiration.
Qiang Ge, Scenery Concept Artist: What drew us to that area the most, is the inherently fantastical nature of its topography. It looks a bit otherworldly, which is something that can be felt by the local and foreign tourists visiting there as a kind of cognitive consensus. Sandstone is the signature feature of the territory of the Geo Archon, one of Teyvat's Seven Archons, which is very fitting. The vistas of towering sandstone karst forests leave more room for imagination due to being shrouded in swirling clouds. Using a freehand style resembling traditional Chinese "shan shui" landscape paintings, we went through a round of concept art and atmosphere sketch creation to make sure that we have achieved exactly the right feeling.
Shang Wei, Zhangjiajie Museum Director: If Zhangjiajie's topography could be described in one sentence, it would be barren mountains become terraces, which become karst walls, then karst forests, and then forest remnants. We can trace the area's development back to this pattern because that pattern is so comprehensive. The representative of the UNESCO World Heritage Centre came here multiple times and after repeated rounds of field research, they called it "Zhangjiajie topography."
Lin Zi, Level Artist: The in-game area of Jueyun Karst is home to Liyue's adepti and Zhangiajie's atmosphere of a thousand towering mountains and swirling clouds is very much in line with the overarching artistic vision we adapted while designing Jueyun Karst. We also made sure to include some key man-made elements like trestle and suspension bridges to embellish the spaces between Liyue's many mountains. While exploring Liyue, players can feel like they are going on a real, unique adventure.
Yan Jiang, Level Artist: The sole path to Liyue Harbor is the entrance of Mt. Tianheng, which was inspired by Tianmen Mountain. Therefore, there is a certain sense of ceremony while you make your way up there. After entering Mt. Tianheng, you unexpectedly find yourself in the trade capital that is Liyue Harbor; such a strong visual and spatial contrast allows Liyue's rich natural and man-made elements to stand out even more.
Guilin Chapter[]
"Travels Afar" Scenic Spot Collaboration Documentary - Guilin Chapter
It has been said that "Guilin has the best scenery in the world". In our eyes, this beauty lies not just in the sprawling mountains and winding rivers, but also in the fishing boats, the brick houses, smoking chimneys, and fishermen's songs. Guilin's landscapes and cultural elements played a huge role in inspiring the creation of one of Liyue's iconic areas, Dihua Marsh.
It is our greatest wish to create an open world that players will want to spend time exploring and immersing themselves in, and we will always keep striving towards that goal.
Cultural Elements in Open-World Game Design
Haidi, Environment Art Team Lead: In Genshin Impact, natural scenery is the basis of the open world but the other side of the player's experience ss the cultural elements, which create a sense of immersion. Creating a compelling cultural atmosphere is important to helping the player to embrace the game world. The architecture, the cultural landscape, and the human civilization that inhabits it must create the right atmosphere for the characters and their stories. These are all things we need to consider when designing environments. These cultural details add depth and vibrance to the world, bringing it to life. The player will join the dots in their mind as they explore the world and this minimizes any sense of loneliness. How to apply cultural elements so that they blend in with nature may look simple, but making everything fit seamlessly is very difficult. The more natural something is, the harder it is to make it look natural and achieving the right degree of fantastical in a fantasy world is also very challenging. Preventing things from looking out of place while still staying true to our artistic vision took a lot of trade-offs and fine-tuning during the creative process.
What was the creative process for Liyue's cultural atmosphere?
Qiangge, Environment Concept Artist: Many in China say that Guilin has the best scenery in the world. For me, Guilin's beauty lies not just in the sprawling mountains and winding rivers but also in the fishing boats, the brick houses, smoking chimneys, and fishermen's songs and the reeds swaying against the stone scenery on both sides of the river. Reeds often feature in period films; they possess dramatic significance and natural beauty. As you gaze at them, you begin to feel that the ground itself is alive and is trying to communicate its mood to you.
Tang Chunsong, Guilin Museum - Director: Guilin was settled by humans a very long time ago. It dates back 30,000 years, to prehistoric times. Guilin is a place where the Zhongyuan culture and the Lingnan culture met and blended. The culture here is largely influences by the Anhui region. Even today, you can see "Diaojiaolou" in Longsheng which are a kind of stilt house. This kind of building is well-adapted to the local culture and to the local climate. It exists in harmony with the geographical conditions and to the natural scenery.
Luo Jianzhang, Guilin Culture, Broadcasting, TV and Tourism Bureau - Researcher: Guilin's culture and scenery are inseparable; the mountain faces are covered in inscriptions. So hiking in the mountains is like reading a history book. I thought that a game set in the heart of Guilin would turn out looking beautiful. Vistas featuring the geography and landforms of Guilin would showcase China's best scenery to the world.
Qiangge: After a thorough review of many resources, we infused Guilin's unique scenery and culture into the design of an iconic part of Liyue, namely, Dihua Marsh.
Jason, Level Artist: Dihua Marsh is the first environment that the player sees when they leave Mondstadt and pass through the Stone Gate. It is their first impression of Liyue. It reconstructs the prominent features of Guilin's landscape, namely the water and the mountains. The presence of flat-bottomed boats and fishing huts paints a picture of local life before our eyes. The signature building in Dihua Marsh is Wangshu Inn. It adopts features of Guilin architecture and also the sense of "there's more to this place than meets the eye" as captured in the film "Dragon Inn."
Lu Yang, Level Artist: As designers, we constantly asked ourselves: What do people here do during the day? What are their lives like? As the game now shows, the area downstairs is or porters and merchants to rest mid-journey. There are some tables and chairs and tea for the guests. Next to this is a waterwheel-powered elevator to transport people and goods.
Yanjiang, Level Artist: In some places, we went into great detail; in others, we left room for the player's imagination. For example, there is a sunken statue on the mountain behind Liyue Harbor. As the player walks past these small bridges, they may wonder what happened here in the past.
What gave us the greatest sense of achievement during the creative process?
Yanjiang, Level Artist: For our own ideas and work, to break the boundaries of fantasy and reality — that is something worth getting excited about. For example, being able to touch a statue of the Geo God in real life would make one reminisce about the first time they did so in Liyue. Seeing the animated discussion between players, witnessing their surprise as they come across a beautiful scene; the thoughts they have, the things they remember as they explore buildings and ruins — it is very satisfying to watch. To create an open world that players wish to spend time exploring and immersing themselves in is our greatest wish and the goal we will always keep striving towards.
Huanglong Chapter[]
"Travels Afar" Scenic Spot Collaboration Documentary - Huanglong Chapter
As the only perfectly preserved plateau wetland in China, Huanglong's complex and diverse ecosystem has provided excellent reference material for us. Its mysterious and magnificent multicolored pools also served as the inspiration for Luhua Pool.
How to Make an Open World "Real"
Haidi, Environment Art Team Lead: Making an open world game feel realistic starts with making sure that it consistently follows laws in its very own complete, closed ecosystem creating a little world that functions by itself. You are a traveler visiting this little world. Whether a game's ecosystem is successful or not isn't necessarily something players will notice at first but it certainly impacts their game experience over a long period of time. So, when we created the environment of Genshin Impact, we adhered to a comprehensive system of laws to design the climate, vegetation, and creatures of each region as well as the cultures and civilizations within these environments. This makes everything come together as one whole — connected by a complete framework.
Bu Yiding, Environment Concept Artist: When gathering materials for creative inspiration, the scenery of Huanglong really left a deep impression on us. The iconic travertine waterfalls became the model for Liyue's Luhua Pool. This kind of dreamlike essence makes the style of the region quite distinct. We also found that Huanglong's high altitude and ecological diversity provided an excellent reference for our game.
Sun Haiqin, Chinese National Geography Expert: I'm very familiar with Huanglong because I used to go there to conduct field work almost every year. Although Huanglong is located at a very high altitude, its biological diversity has been protected very well. Some rare, protected plant species grow there such as orchids, katsura trees, and snow lotus. There are also some rare animals. You can find pandas and snow leopards in high-altitude regions.
Liu Yan, Environment Concept Artist: The Huanglong Nature Reserve is a kind of rich haven for precious wild flora species. We used Huanglong as one of the blueprints for the overall planning of Liyue's ecosystem. Liyue's climate has characteristics similar to that of China's southwest with four distinct seasons, including warm springs and cool autumns. The design of Liyue is influenced by the Geo element with scenery based on warm colors. For Liyue's vegetation, we used poplars as creative reference. At higher elevations in Liyue are pagoda trees while bamboo, plum trees, and ginkgo trees grow on the plains and riverbanks. There are wild creatures often found among the rocky cliffs, like cranes and lizards as well as various crabs and fish in rivers. This combination of more realistically designed species and more imaginative flora and fauna forms the unique ecosystem of Liyue.
Haidi, Environment Art Team Lead: My personal favorite thing to do is sit down by the waterfalls underneath a sky at sunset as red as autumn leaves, listening to the flowing water and chirping birds. It makes one forget about everything else and just get lost in that moment. The entire creative team, from early white-box testing to concept art design, then to resources production and map editing by level artists and also the final overall building of the environment — we spent one year on all of this. Looking at the final product, we basically met our initial expectations but there are still many aspects that can be improved. Designing Liyue and Mondstadt has brought our entire team many lessons and much experience. I'm sure we will be able to bring everyone even better creations in the future.
Bai Xinggui, Huanglong Nature Reserve - Deputy Director, Marketing Office: There are 3,000 pools at Huanglong nestled in a random yet graceful pattern amongst the snowy peaks. I hope this cooperative project with Genshin Impact conveys to players all over the world our shared commitment to environmental protection and shows the natural beauty preserved by such commitment. After going to visit so many incredible scenic landscapes, I still have a hope. I hope that the vivid ecological environments in Genshin Impact not only add to the open world experience for players but also inspire everyone to go visit nature themselves, as well as protect nature.
Guilin Scenic[]
Genshin Impact has arrived at the Guilin scenic area!
Travelers, let's go on adventure together in the natural beauty of Guilin!
Huanglong National Park Photos[]
Genshin Impact Photos at the Famous Huanglong National Park
Are we in Sichuan or Teyvat!? A Geo Statue of The Seven, Geoculus, and Teleport Waypoint have appeared amongst these colorful limestone pools and waterfalls.
Let's admire the magnificent scenery of this heavenly "Jade Pool"~
OverviewCultureHistoryDesign
See also: Timeline
A timeline of historical events in the Liyue region.
References are provided as much as possible. Notes expand on the deduction and reasoning used to draw certain conclusions, which can be read either by hovering over (desktop-only) or clicking on the note. Some specific types of notes found on the page:
Lore Discrepancy: When information provided in the game is self-contradictory, retroactively changed, or contradicts information from outside media (such as the manga), it is considered a lore discrepancy. This is different from a translation discrepancy, in which information is contradictory or misleading due to inaccuracies in localization. In the case of a lore discrepancy between in-game information and outside media, the in-game information always takes priority.
Translation Note: Used when the original Chinese text and then official English localization do not match, or if something is clearer in Chinese. In the case of a translation discrepancy, the original Chinese text always takes priority.
Assumptions: To make sense of the lore — which the miHoYo writers often deliberately obscure by withholding critical information until later versions, giving contradictory evidence, and scattering information across various item sets — editors will sometimes make assumptions to determine the order of events or connect pieces of lore together. However, they may be obsoleted and proven incorrect by new lore and story. These notes serve as a disclaimer, and expand on the editors' reasoning for their conclusions.
If you have any proposed changes for the timeline, please leave a comment and cite your evidence.
Contents
1 The First Era
2 The Great War
3 The Interim Period
3.1 Guili Assembly
3.2 Lisha Civilizations
3.3 Chenyu Vale
3.4 Other Regions of Liyue
4 The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)
4.1 The Fall of the Guili Assembly
5 Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)
6 Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)
7 The Cataclysm (500 years ago)
8 Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)
9 Recent Past (<100 years ago)
10 Notes
10.1 Lore Discrepancies
10.2 Translation Notes
10.3 Editors' Assumptions
11 References
12 Navigation
The First Era[]
Main article: Timeline § The First Era
The term "first era" is derived from The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria.
An ancient civilization is established in the area that is now The Chasm.[Assumption 1]
The Great War[]
Main article: Timeline § The Great War
The term "great war" is derived from Neuvillette's Vision Character Story, which refers to a "great war of vengeance" which badly wounded the Heavenly Principles.
>6000 years ago — Morax, a god with dominion over Geo, is born.[1]
~6000 years ago, while Morax was young — The Solar Chariot falls to the west of what is now Dunyu Ruins, creating The Chasm. This prosperous mining area would sustain the Dunyu area for thousands of years, up until the cataclysm 500 years ago.[2] The tribespeople in the area repair it and eventually it returns to the sky.[3]
In alternate versions of the tale, the Solar Chariot is not a literal chariot, but is instead a star which fell into the area now known as The Chasm and returned to the heavens of its own accord during the Archon War.[2]
The Spiritstone at the bottom of the present day Chasm is a Divine Nail implied to have been cast down during this time period, but it's relationship with the Solar Chariot is unknown.
The ancient civilization in this area is destroyed, and the inhabitants move to Chenyu Vale.
The Interim Period[]
Main article: Timeline § The Interim Period
While not formally established as its own period in time, Liyue lore indicates there was a stretch of peacetime between the Great War and the Archon War. 
Guili Assembly[]
See also: Guili Assembly
Note: The two main sources of information about the Guili Assembly, Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I and the World Quest Treasure Lost, Treasure Found, currently contradict each other on whether Guizhong or Morax descended on the land first and which one moved to the area afterwards. Because Stone Tablet Compilations has more information corroborated by other in-game sources,[Note 1] the wiki will assume it has the correct version.
? years ago — Morax descends on the region of Liyue, where he raises Mt. Tianheng, quells the seas, and lowers the tides.[4] To pacify the seas, he defeats many sea monsters including one beast known as Baqiu.[5] Jueyun Karst was created in such a way at an unknown point in time, with the water being drawn into an underground reservoir.[6]
? years ago — Guizhong, the Lord of Dust, befriends Morax. At some point, she and her people move north of Mt. Tianheng for reasons unknown. Morax and Guizhong establish the Guili Assembly, which derives its name from the first character of Guizhong's name, and one character of Morax's (using his name at the time, which is unknown).[7] This civilization spanned the area between Mt. Tianheng and Stone Gate. It was extremely prosperous, flourishing under the trades of agriculture and mining,[4] and became a trading hub.[6]
Guizhong establishes four commandments to guide her people:"To unite in ambition is to be steadfast and immovable for all time.""Wisdom is like water, it nourishes all those who receive it and in it is a reflection of the truth.""Fortify the bones, that movement be supple when the time comes.""Virtue grows tall like a tree, though there be shade it will flourish forever."[7]
Guizhong and Cloud Retainer, among other adepti, create the Guizhong Ballistas to defend the Guili Assembly from external threats.[4][8]
Lisha Civilizations[]
Note: It is unknown whether the Sea God truly existed or whether he had any link to the Lisha region, but his story and the legends regarding Lisha seem to have some relation.
? years ago — Early civilizations in the Lisha region of Liyue are established at Dunyu Ruins, Lingju Pass, Qingxu Pool. At some point either before or during the Archon War, the civilizations at Lingju Pass and Qingxu Pool were destroyed and submerged underwater, only reemerging after the end of the Archon War.[9]
Legends say that these ruins predate the Geo Archon's rule over Liyue. The whole of Lisha was covered by water at the time of the Archon War, and back then this rocky outcrop was nothing more than a little islet that rose above the water's surface. After peace was restored, the region of Lisha unfurled once more as the tides withdrew, revealing the ancient buildings erected by the early peoples.[9]
What [Soraya] told me was that these ruins were left behind by an evil god, whose name has been wiped from the record, and its people. But in the end, the sea gave way to forests and fields, the self-serving god was defeated, and the strongholds and temples of the ancient city the god's people once built were left to crumble. That is how Qingxu Pool came to be. The ruins were submerged until the long Archon War finally came to an end, emerging on the landscape as the tide subsided."[9]
? years ago — The Sea God gives his people a year without storms and tsunamis in exchange for a human bride. After many generations, one such bride — whom he had permitted to return to the surface world — caused the destruction of her village after she asked for the Sea God's aid when her daughter was to be taken away from her to be offered as his bride.[10]
"The Sea God looked majestic indeed as he sat center stage in his giant clam, holding in his hands the reins of two sea serpents. They stood as imposing as Mt. Tianheng before the royal carriage as their master accepted the gifts of pearls from the village elders and welcomed his new bride aboard the carriage. In return, the village would receive the Sea God's blessing: a year free from tempests and tsunamis."[...] The Sea God responded to the call, rising up from the billowing waves to greet the village. But his embrace was a tidal wave that engulfed the village, and took the villagers and elders in their sleep.[10]
Chenyu Vale[]
The surviving inhabitants of the Chasm civilization relocates to Chenyu Vale.
Other Regions of Liyue[]
? years ago — Havria, the God of Salt, establishes her domain in Liyue; the original expanse of her territory is unknown, but it included Sal Terrae.[11][12] She was known for being gentle and kind-hearted, but weak.[13] It is theorized that Liyue's flower ball wedding tradition may have derived from Havria's act of handing out bunches of flowers to her followers.[12]
? years ago — The village at Wuwang Hill is established. It would exist in relative peace until some time after Liyue Harbor was established, after which the bewitching song of a whale-like sea monster (potentially the Oceanid Rhodeia of Loch, considering the monster's physical description and current location) led all the youths of the village to their doom, and its elders died with no one to carry on the village.[14]
The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)[]
Main article: Archon War
Note: The term "Archon War" is a catch-all term for the various, scattered conflicts across Teyvat to determine who would become one of The Seven, which arose as a result of the creation of the Gnoses. Due to the timeline's ambiguity, this section also includes events after the divine nails were cast down.
? years ago — Seven divine seats in Celestia open up, causing the gods to become embroiled in a bitter struggle for supremacy.[7]
Many gods fought for the sake of their ideals for a prosperous humanity. "That which lurks within and animates this relic are the divine remains of lamenting gods. They are unrealized ideals, designs for a prosperous humanity that could never be."[15]
During the Archon War, the infighting amongst gods was but one cause of conflict in Teyvat; other creatures and entities also sought to expand their domains, taking advantage of the chaos to encroach on the continent.[16]
In Liyue, legends of sea monsters are commonplace due to the "other-shore," a region that lies outside of Teyvat.[17] People in ancient times would use the bones of such sea monsters as figureheads on their ships to frighten away the beasts.[18]
The Fall of the Guili Assembly[]
3700 years ago[19] — One particular battle occurs in the Guili Assembly — despite being a nation protected by Morax, Guizhong, and the adepti, it ravages Guili Plains and causes landslides that transform Dihua Marsh from a fertile islet into a swamp. Guizhong is also slain in the process.[4][7] The exact cause of its destruction is unknown and many theories exist among Liyue folklore.
>10 days later[20][Translation Note 1] — Following the fall of the Guili Assembly, Morax, Marchosius, and the adepti lead their people south of Mt. Tianheng, where they establish Liyue Harbor. Morax creates a contract with the adepti to defend it.[8][21]
The Millelith Brigade is established to protect the people and defend against monsters.[4][22]
Morax teaches his people how to create houses, using Mora to create a model home. He also establishes minted Mora as Liyue's currency, for convenience.[23][Note 2]
After creating Liyue Harbor, Morax decides to wage war against the other gods, seeing it as the only way to restore order and protect humanity.[21][24]
"He sought celestial order, to stay the tide of turbulence.Adepti rallied round him, yaksha guardians charged ahead,Frightened by the courageous people the demons fled."[24]
"I wish not for dominion, yet I cannot watch the common people suffer."[21]
December 2, >3000 years ago — Sometime either before or during the Archon War, Ganyu is born. She later participates in the war to protect Liyue Harbor, signing a contract with Morax.[25]
There are no details on when exactly she was born, however it is speculated that Ganyu may have been alive during the Guili Assembly era based on the wording in her third Character Story.[26]
During one battle, Ganyu — who was much more rotund during this time — unintentionally chokes a monster to death when it underestimated her girth and tried to eat her. This incident has led her to maintain a strict diet in order to keep a slim physique.[27]
>2000 years ago — Morax hears the pleas of Azhdaha, a blind Geo elemental dragon who dwelt beneath the mountains of Nantianmen. He takes pity on the dragon and takes it aboveground, bestowing sight upon it with just a touch. They form a contract, where Azhdaha agrees not to endanger humanity in exchange for living alongside them. Azhdaha then aids Morax in battles across Teyvat.[28][29]
3700–2000 years ago — The following events presumably occur sometime between Liyue Harbor's establishment and the end of the Archon War. The events are listed in a tentative chronological order, but there is no confirmation on when exactly they occurred relative to the present.
During a certain battle in the Archon War, the opposing god slashes Mt. Tianheng, creating a crack in the mountain's foundation and threatening to collapse on the village at the base of the mountain. To prevent this, the adeptus Skybracer has a friend cut off his antlers — a gift from Morax himself, made of his divine essence and thus the hardest material in Liyue — and uses them to prop up the mountain. This act causes the mountains to elevate higher than it had been originally. Skybracer then continues to fight until he dies from blood loss, his blood turning into the Bishui River.[30] The people who lived at the base of the mountain held him in high regard for this action, even more so than Morax.[31]
Havria, whose gentle nature and weak martial prowess put her at a disadvantage during this brutal era, futilely attempted to peacefully resolve the conflicts that erupted. Realizing it was too late for anyone to stop, she turned her efforts to creating a place of refuge for humans displaced by these wars.[12][13] However, due to her relatively weak powers, she stood no chance against other gods and chose to make concession after concession, until she lost all her lands besides Sal Terrae. There, she created a small city with her followers — but they, seeing that she had no chance of surviving through this war, decided to give her a swift and painless end rather than consign her to defeat at the hands of other gods. However, the power that surged from her body after her death salinified the city and its inhabitants, while her own body withered away into a small salt flower.[11]
Her followers who managed to escape salinification were scattered across Liyue after the loss of their god and home. Many went to Liyue Harbor and eventually became Yinyuan Hall of the salt industry, one of the Eight Trades. Some descendants of those people, fearing Havria cursed them for their ancestors' betrayal, risked their lives to enter Sal Terrae and break the sword used to kill her. By the time of the present, however, Havria's story has been twisted among the people of Yinyuan Hall, and they now believe she was a powerful god who was assassinated by Morax out of envy.[11]
Morax defeats many gods and sea monsters at Guyun Stone Forest, including the ancient god Osial, by throwing down massive stone spears to pin them to the ocean floor,[32][33][34] and using Sigils of Permission to seal them. The resulting stone formation, when viewed from above, takes the general shape of his own Geo symbol.[6]
~2600 years ago[Assumption 2] — Chi (in the ancient language, Qingce) makes its nest in the area now known as Mt. Qingce and takes over the region.[35] Morax fights it at a "great height" and succeeds in subduing it.
In fantastical Liyue legends, although Zhongli (Morax) reveals they are merely the product of people's imagination,[36] Chi and its nest transform the area around Mt. Qingce into its current state after its death — its body turns into stone, its blood becomes water, and its scales turn into terraced fields. Even after its death, however, Chi's power seeps into the land, creating the Blood-Fed Trees and suspicious orange stones at Bishui Plain that poisoned the area. To suppress its power, Morax seals its remains in five different locations with Geo Seals and water to prevent its revival.[37]
People during this time used images to record major events, purportedly because writing had not yet been invented.[37] The veracity of this claim is dubious since the ruins at Guili Plains use written language, although it is possible that Chi was defeated long before the seals to contain it were created.
While combating the other gods and sea monsters, Morax used a variety of methods to combat them: along with massive stone spears (pillars), he also summoned meteors,[38] a Geo Whale,[5] and stone birds.[39]
The original village at Wuwang Hill falls after a whale-tailed monster leads the youth to their death.
3000–2000 years ago — Alatus (Xiao), whose true name is yet unknown, is born.[40] An evil god discovers his weakness, using it to enslave him and force him to perform cruel and violent acts. During one battle in the Archon War, the two ran afoul of Morax, who defeats the evil god and liberates Alatus, bestowing the name "Xiao" onto him for his protection. Xiao afterwards becomes one of the Yakshas to repay his debt to Morax.[41]
? years ago — The bodies of the gods and monsters Morax defeated over the course of the Archon War were compressed, decomposed, and became part of the earth, while the gods' spirits lost their senses of self and were no longer capable of holding personal grudges.[42] However, their lingering hatred and resentment still remained, creating miasmas, curses, and monsters. Morax summoned the yakshas, a certain subset of the adepti, to aid him in suppressing these manifestations of evil gods. They carried out this duty for some thousand years, even after the Archon War ended.
The five strongest Yakshas were Bosacius, Bonanus, Menogias, Indarias, and Alatus (Xiao). Among the lesser yakshas were Pervases, who was slain in the Archon War.[43][44]
? years ago — An unknown doctor takes the frontline in eradicating the karmic disease caused by the corpses of the malevolent gods whom the Yakshas had slain. The negative karma had become a pestilence that spread across Liyue. The bodies of the infected humans only furthered its spread, "as the dead were a breeding ground for the disease".[45] The Rite of Homa prevented further spread by cremating corpses which, eventually, caused the epidemic to come to an end. Furthermore, the pioneers of this practice were the founders of what is now known as Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.[45] The practice and parlor have been passed down from generation to generation. The quote of the family is "only an unbound flame can purify this world."[46]
The rite conducted by the staff clears the corpses of traces of evil karma so they are able to free themselves and carry on to the afterlife. Their spirits take the form of an ashen butterfly. The doctors (who eventually became the directors of Wangsheng) have never had any regrets due to their altruistic lifestyle, and as such pass on without regrets, also in the form of a fiery butterfly.[47]
>2000 years ago[Assumption 3] — After suppressing all other gods in his region, Morax becomes the Geo Archon, restoring peace to the land now known as Liyue.
Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)[]
2000 years ago — The Archon War comes to an end as the final divine seat in Celestia is claimed, cementing the positions of The Seven's original members.[48][49] Defeated gods who refused to live under The Seven's rule fled to islands in the Dark Sea, where they became evil gods.[50]
After Barbatos pays a visit to Morax — not in need of assistance, but rather to explore the neighboring country — the first iteration of The Seven would often gather in Liyue Harbor.[1][48][49]
2000 years ago — With their combat prowess no longer needed, some adepti seclude themselves in Jueyun Karst. Others ask Morax to transform their mortal bodies into stone, resulting in the stone figures seen around Liyue.[51]
Unlike the adepti, the Yakshas suffered a gruesome fate. The hatred emanating from the demons tainted their souls, while the unending slaughters they participated in accrued karmic debt. One by one, the yakshas went mad, died, and/or disappeared.[24][33][52]
Bonanus and Menogias most likely both died when the two fought against each other. Indarias went mad with fear and was also dead.
The Liyue Qixing, an organization comprised of the seven foremost businesspeople in Liyue Harbor, are established.[53] Ganyu becomes secretary to the Liyue Qixing.[1]
? years ago — A martial nomad named Guhua was known throughout Liyue; his life is shrouded in mystery, but some claim he was an adeptus and ascended to Celestia at the end of his journey. After his ascension, a person who was close to him established the Guhua Brotherhood in his honor.'[54] After several hundred years, however, the organization dwindled and became the Guhua Clan.
March 3, ? years ago — Qiqi is born as a human.
? years ago — During one of the battles between adepti and demons, the herb gatherer Qiqi ran afoul of the combatants and became trapped between life and death as a result. Her desire to live granted her a Vision, which the adepti saw as a divine blessing. To save her life, each gave her a portion of their adeptal energies; her life was indeed spared, but she was turned into a zombie, and her mortal vessel could not handle the adeptal power and she went berserk. To quell the disturbance, Mountain Shaper trapped her in amber, where she would remain for several hundred years.[55]
>1000 years ago — Azhdaha begins to forget those around him, his memories eroding. Morax attempts to help him fix his deteriorating memory, but the solution doesn't work. He begins to become irritable, his spirit naturally angry for whatever reason.[56]
1000 years ago — The people of Liyue mine in the mountains, overexploiting the area for resources. This causes the Ley Lines to quake, causing great suffering to Azhdaha, who is sustained and nourished by their energy. The pain, combined with his inability to recognize his loved ones, enrages him, and he attacks the Chasm in an attempt to stop his anguish.[56] He destroys the settlement at Tianqiu Valley in the process.[57]
Through the combined efforts of Morax, Mountain Shaper, Moon Carver, and a third currently unknown adeptus, Azhdaha is sealed in a pocket dimension at Nantianmen.[56][58]
Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)[]
Morax signs a contract with an unknown party, agreeing to not disclose whatever is about to happen in the cataclysm.[56]
Among the five Yakshas, only Bosacius and Alatus remained. Before he went insane, Bosacius wished to seal off his treasure and to be done with this world.[59]
After Bosacius went insane and abandoned his post, he was drawn by the conflict of The Chasm and went there to fight.[44]
Ultimately, Alatus (Xiao) became the sole known yaksha left in this world.[52]
The Cataclysm (500 years ago)[]
Main article: Cataclysm
Monsters from the Abyss invade the aboveground world of Teyvat, causing widespread devastation.[60]
The people of Teyvat attribute the creation of these monsters to a "great sinner," Gold,[60][61] also known as Albedo's master and mother Rhinedottir.[62] Her creations, the Alfisol were the advance guard for the monsters from the Abyss[63]
The Kingdom of Khaenri'ah is destroyed by the Heavenly Principles,[64] causing the fall of the Eclipse Dynasty and the entire civilization.[61] Khaenri'ah's destruction causes a devastating ripple effect.[65]
The Seven become involved in Khaenri'ah after the Abyss' invasion of Teyvat.[64][Assumption 4]
The Chasm and Dunyu Ruins are two known locations majorly impacted by the cataclysm.
An 'iron meteorite' impacted the Chasm and then monsters poured out of the Chasm and in response, Morax sent the Millelith to defend and evacuate the miners.[66]
An unnamed yaksha — who had once abandoned their duty to defend Liyue — returned to fight alongside the Millelith. The yaksha and Millelith who chose to lead the vanguard ultimately perished in battle.[66]
The monsters' threat was diverted by the combined efforts of the Yaksha — who revealed to be Bosacius, a mortal thaumaturge named Boyang, and the Millelith vanguard. They contrived a stratagem to trap and seal the beasts in the depths of The Chasm by using the Fantastic Compass, a catalyst which had the power to manipulate space. In the critical moments of the fight, Bosacius, Boyang and the Millelith vanguard ultimately sacrificed themselves by sealing themselves along with the beasts because the compass needed constant energy flow from a mortal and an adeptus to operate.[44]
There were very few survivors of the conflict in the Chasm. One such person was Rongzhao, Boyang's brother, but he went insane when returned to his family.[67] Another figure was a Millelith who lost all four limbs when rescuing the miners and fending off the monsters, but later he taught himself to become a famed doctor. He set up the memorial of the fellow Millelith comrades after he received a Vision.[68]
What occurred in Dunyu Ruins is unknown, but its people decided to abandon the city and move to Liyue Harbor; none of the refugees nor adepti have spoken about what happened there.[2]
The emerging abyssal influence was said to be the reason people abandoned Dunyu Ruins, and it became a ruin.[2]
Dunyu Ruins may be the byproduct of the main conflict in the Chasm, due to the fact that Bosacius commanded the Millelith force to hold the line at 60 miles outside The Chasm at all costs,[69] which can mean the nearest location, Dunyu Ruins, was also affected by the Chasm's waves of monsters as well.
Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)[]
<500 years ago — In Liyue, the cataclysm created a martial arts renaissance as people sought ways to fight the monsters that continued appearing even after the immediate monster threat ended. Yun Hui of the Yun Family, a clan of blacksmiths, joined forces with master craftsman Han Wu to produce a series of weapon designs now known as the "prototypes."[70][71]
Following their fathers' footsteps, Yun Huang and Han Ce cooperated to create the Blackcliff Series.
Recent Past (<100 years ago)[]
Note: The bullets below are arranged in order of relative reverse chronological order, estimated based on characters' apparent ages.
50–40 years ago — Amber's grandfather, a renowned mercenary leader from Liyue,[72] falls victim to a disastrous monster attack that leaves him the sole survivor. After being saved by a doctor from the Knights of Favonius, he decides to move to Mondstadt and become a member himself. There, he established the Outriders, a division of archer scouts whose members he personally trained. He also starts a family there.[73]
Amber's grandfather is implied to be the adventurer whom Granny Ruoxin fell in love with and promised to live with at Qingce Village, who embarked on an expedition only to disappear. The Qingce Village Bulletin Board contains a message about an unnamed former villager who went to Mondstadt to become a knight, who has recently (as of the present day) returned only to "skulk about," though his manner of using a wind glider is apparently unmistakable.
~40–20 years ago — Big G has an accident and passes away. The village at Wuwang hill suffers (another) disaster, and all the village's inhabitants (including Little Wu, Meng, Mumu, and Congzi) abandon their hometown, heading to Liyue Harbor.[74]
30 years ago — The last time that Cloud Retainer took on her human form before moving to Liyue Harbor.[75]
20 years ago — The last time the Mingxiao Lantern of the Lantern Rite Festival was as big as it is in present day.
? years ago — The Wangshu Inn is constructed at Dihua Marsh by the Liyue Qixing, operated by Verr Goldet and Huai'an, in order to provide covert support for Xiao.[76]
Hu Tao's grandfather, the 75th director, dies when she is 13. She takes over Wangsheng Funeral Parlor as the 77th director. Her grandfather's funeral is the first funeral she oversees. She receives her Vision after her visit to Wuwang Hill to see if he has moved on to the afterlife peacefully.[77]
4 years ago, after Crepus' death[Assumption 5] — Amber's grandfather abruptly resigns from the Knights of Favonius and disappears,[72] leading to rumors that he had defected.
At some point after leaving Mondstadt, a man matching his description returns to Qingce Village some 40–50 years after he last visited the village.[78]
Qiqi, still trapped in amber after hundreds of years, is discovered and taken to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor for burial. However, she is still alive thanks to the adeptal energy bestowed upon her and, with the seal having worn off over hundreds of years, manages to escape in the middle of the night. She stumbles upon Baizhu, who decides to employ her at Bubu Pharmacy due to her unique nature.[79]
>2 years ago[80] — The Chasm is sealed off due to numerous reasons: mysterious accidents,[81] miners dug up a strange, harmful "Wish Granter",[82][83] and strange earthquakes.[84] The decision was made despite the Chasm's wealth and quite surprisingly.[82]
The Liyue Qixing set up a seal called the Seven-Star Array to seal off the underground mine. The vital points (and weak points) of the seal lied on the set of Bedrock Keys around the seal.[84]
For over 2 years, the phenomenon call the Cage-Shaped Geo Formation began to erect from the bedrock of the Chasm. They have been absorbing Geo elemental energy from the surroundings, slowly eroding the structure of the Bedrock Keys.[84]
The Chasm actually was never closed off entirely, professional miners were still working here in case of emergencies.[85] Treasure Hoarders also infiltrated the mine and did illegal mining.[86]
Shortly after the closing, La Signora signed some mutual trade agreements with the Liyue Qixing to explore the Chasm. The Fatui would send an advance team to investigate and eradicate the abnormalities in the underground mines, and both Snezhnaya and Liyue would share the result.[87]
1 year ago — Dongsheng commits tax evasion by intentionally failing to declare some furniture he had made at Fanmu's Carpenters.[88]
Shortly before the events of the Liyue Archon Quests — Tartaglia and Javert collect an outstanding debt held by the owner of Yanshang Teahouse, obtaining the Sigil of Permission in his possession.[89] Childe also exposes the previous owner's fraud, landing him in jail.[90]
After the events of the Liyue Archon Quests[91] — Yelan, an intelligence agent operating under Ningguang, takes over the teahouse as its new owner, where she uses the location as a front for her operations.[90]
Notes[]
↑ Stone Tablet Compilations names Morax as the co-ruler of Guili Plains alongside Guizhong, which is confirmed by the table at Mt. Aocang and the description for Memory of Dust. It also briefly mentions the Guizhong Ballista, which was not within Soraya's scope of interest during Treasure Lost, Treasure Found.
↑ While Rex Incognito mentions that people once used jade plaques as currency, the unnamed nobleman — a disguised Morax — reveals at the end of the book series that he made up the story about the jade plaques, likely with the intent of seeing whether it would be taken as fact generations later.
Lore Discrepancies[]
Translation Notes[]
↑ The English localization says "a dozen days," whereas the original Chinese text says 十多天 "over 10 days."
Editors' Assumptions[]
↑ It is presumed that this civilization was likely part of the same unified civilization as Enkanomiya due to the identical architecture.
↑ It is unclear whether Chi was defeated at this time or if the seals were established years after its defeat, but the seal at the highest point of Mt. Qingce has a statue facing a "wind-swept ruin," which is Decarabian's capital city. As a result, the seals must have been established after Barbatos' rise as Anemo Archon 2600 years ago.
↑ Zhongli's fifth Character Story implies that he was already Geo Archon by the time the final divine seat was claimed and the Archon War era drew to a close.
↑ In both Character Teaser - "Raiden Shogun: Nightmare" and Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream, which depict other events in chronological order, the Kitsune Saiguu's death during the Abyss' attack is depicted before Makoto's death in what appears to be Khaenri'ah. From this, it can be assumed that the Abyss attacked Teyvat before The Seven were involved in Khaenri'ah. However, this does not exclude the possibility that the gods in Celestia attacked Khaenri'ah first.
↑ In the manga, Amber mentions that she overheard the argument between Eroch and Diluc while hiding in a cupboard to prank her grandfather, indicating that he hadn't resigned at the time of Crepus' death.
References[]
↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 3: Solitary Fragrance
↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 Book: Records of Jueyun, Vol. 6 - Hidden Jade
↑ Artifact, Vermillion Hereafter: Solar Relic
↑ 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 Book: Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I
↑ 5.0 5.1 Weapon: Primordial Jade Winged-Spear
↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 Book: Teyvat Travel Guide, Vol. 2 - Liyue Chapter
↑ 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 World Quest, Part 1: Treasure Lost, Treasure Found
↑ 8.0 8.1 Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 5: Turning Point
↑ 9.0 9.1 9.2 Book: Diary of Roald the Adventurer, Vol. 8 - Qingxu Pool
↑ 10.0 10.1 Book: Records of Jueyun, Vol. 2 - Palace Beneath the Sea
↑ 11.0 11.1 11.2 Story Quest, Zhongli, Historia Antiqua Chapter: Act I - Sal Flore, Part 4: Farewell, Sweet Salt
↑ 12.0 12.1 12.2 Book: Customs of Liyue, Vol. 1 - Flower Ball
↑ 13.0 13.1 Book: Diary of Roald the Adventurer, Vol. 1 - Sal Terrae
↑ Book: Records of Jueyun, Vol. 3 - Wuwang
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Divine Body from Guyun
↑ Zhongli's Character Story: That Which Rises From the Sea
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Piece of Aerosiderite
↑ Weapon: Serpent Spine
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 6: The Fond Farewell
↑ Event Moonlight Merriment Quest: Part II, Part 2: Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go
↑ 21.0 21.1 21.2 Character Demo: Zhongli: The Listener
↑ NPC Dialogue: Fengyan
↑ Story Quest, Zhongli, Historia Antiqua Chapter: Act I - Sal Flore, Part 1: Shadow of Yore
↑ 24.0 24.1 24.2 Book: Verses of Equilibrium
↑ Ganyu's Character Story: Character Details
↑ Ganyu's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ Ganyu's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Weapon: The Unforged
↑ Story Teaser: Through the Eyes of a Dragon
↑ NPC Dialogue, during Lantern Rite: Madame Ping
↑ NPC Dialogue: Xiaoyan
↑ Book: Diary of Roald the Adventurer, Vol. 6 - Guyun Stone Forest
↑ 33.0 33.1 Weapon Ascension Material: Luminous Sands from Guyun
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 4: Heart of Glaze
↑ Book: Diary of Roald the Adventurer, Vol. 2 - Qingce Village
↑ World Quest: The Tales Behind the Fan
↑ 37.0 37.1 World Quest: The Chi of Yore
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Grain of Aerosiderite
↑ Artifact Set: Archaic Petra
↑ Xiao's Character Story: Character Details
↑ Xiao's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Relic from Guyun
↑ Story Quest, Xiao, Alatus Chapter: Act I - Butterfly's Dream, Part 4: Insights of Drifting Dreams
↑ 44.0 44.1 44.2 Archon Quest, Interlude Chapter, Act II - Perilous Trail, Part 5: At Tunnel's End, Light
↑ 45.0 45.1 Story Quest, Hu Tao, Papilio Charontis Chapter: Act I - Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away, Part 2: In Pursuit of a Phantom
↑ Weapon: Staff of Homa
↑ Story Quest, Hu Tao, Papilio Charontis Chapter: Act I - Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away, Part 4: Perfect Send-Off
↑ 48.0 48.1 Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 2: Equilibrium
↑ 49.0 49.1 Zhongli's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Bit of Aerosiderite
↑ Book: Records of Jueyun, Vol. 1 - Stone Beasts
↑ 52.0 52.1 Book: Yakshas: The Guardian Adepti
↑ Ganyu's Character Story: Vision
↑ Weapon: Rainslasher
↑ Qiqi's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ 56.0 56.1 56.2 56.3 Story Quest, Zhongli, Historia Antiqua Chapter: Act II - No Mere Stone, Part 4: Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved
↑ World Quest: Trails in Tianqiu
↑ NPC Dialogue: Linlang
↑ World Quest: The Yaksha's Wish
↑ 60.0 60.1 Weapon Ascension Material: Chunk of Aerosiderite
↑ 61.0 61.1 Book: Breeze Amidst the Forest, Vol. 1 - Ballad Selection Excerpt
↑ Event Shadows Amidst Snowstorms Quest: Act I: The Snowy Past
↑ Cleansing Light in Raiden Shogun's Story Quest, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II - Transient Dreams
↑ 64.0 64.1 YouTube: Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream
↑ Genshin Impact Official Site: TeyvatHowever, 500 years ago, the collapse of an ancient civilization turned the universe upside down...
↑ 66.0 66.1 Artifact Set: Tenacity of the Millelith
↑ Yelan's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ World Quest: The Millennial Mountains
↑ Archon Quest, Interlude Chapter, Act II - Perilous Trail, Part 4: End of the Line
↑ Weapon: Prototype Starglitter
↑ Weapon: Prototype Archaic
↑ 72.0 72.1 Weapon Lore: Favonius Warbow
↑ Amber's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ Story Quest, Hu Tao, Papilio Charontis Chapter: Act I - Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away, Part 3: Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets
↑ Story Quest, Xianyun, Grus Serena Chapter: Act I - A Thousand Moonlit Miles, Part 2: A Search for Secrets
↑ Xiao's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ Hu Tao's Character Story: Vision
↑ Point of Interest, Qingce Village Bulletin Board: Qingce Village
↑ Qiqi's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ NPC Dialogue: Tie Hong
↑ Point of Interest: Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board
↑ 82.0 82.1 NPC Dialogue: Shizhuang the Strong
↑ World Quest, The Chasm Delvers: The Chasm Charters
↑ 84.0 84.1 84.2 World Quest, The Chasm Delvers: Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering
↑ Loading Screen Tip: The Chasm
↑ Point of Interest: Chihu Rock Bulletin Board
↑ World Quest: A Company Vanishing Into the Deep
↑ Story Quest, Ganyu, Sinae Unicornis Chapter: Act I - Sea of Clouds, Sea of People, Part 2: A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity
↑ YouTube: Character Tales - "Childe: Sigil of Permission"
↑ 90.0 90.1 Yelan's Voice-Over: About Tartaglia
↑ NPC Dialogue: Chuyi, Dialogue Set #2
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
OverviewCultureHistoryDesign
The nation of Liyue is marked by its emphasis on "contracts," Morax's ideal. It is said that people from all seven nations of Teyvat flock to Liyue Harbor, the economic hub of the continent.
Contents
1 Life in Liyue
1.1 Agriculture
1.2 Architecture
1.3 Cuisine
1.4 Education
1.5 Medicine
1.6 Music
1.7 Technology
1.8 Sword Arts
1.9 Mystic Arts
2 Designs, Motifs, and Symbols
2.1 Character Cards
2.2 Multi-Diamond
2.3 Cloud Motif
2.4 Auspicious Symbols
2.5 The Scales
3 Economy
4 Fashion
4.1 Men's Fashion
4.2 Women's Fashion
4.3 Millelith Uniform
4.4 Waitress Uniform
4.5 Wangsheng Funeral Parlor Uniform
4.6 Exorcist and Thaumaturge Attire
5 Festivals and Holidays
5.1 Lantern Rite Festival
5.2 Moonchase Festival
5.3 Rite of Descension
6 Languages
6.1 Idioms
7 Politics
7.1 Military
8 Travel Highlights
8.1 A Merchant's Memory of Liyue
9 Notes
10 References
11 Navigation
Life in Liyue[]
Many people in Liyue tend to live in small villages, such as Mingyun, Qingce and Qiaoying Village, though people are also known to reside in larger areas such as Liyue Harbor. The villages are mainly occupied by the young and old, as many able-bodied people tend to go to the city for employment. 
If a village's inhabitants are struggling to make ends meet, they will often abandon the area to look for better prospects, as shown with Mingyun Village and several other, abandoned settlements that can be found across the nation. The Liyue branch of Treasure Hoarders are fairly active compared to the other nations, with many usually prowling around less-traveled roads or operating inside The Chasm.
Many people revere the adepti, and some occasionally make pilgrimages to their adobes, high in the mountains of Jueyun Karst. 
Agriculture[]
Compared to Mondstadt's lush plains, Liyue's rocky and mountainous geography is less suited for agriculture. Nevertheless, places like Qingce Village have managed to build terraced rice fields, whose crops can then be taken to Liyue Harbor to be sold. Sunsettia trees can be found across Liyue.
Over 3,000 years ago, Guili Plains and its surrounding areas were bountiful and one of its rulers, Guizhong, led her people in making agriculture their livelihood.[1] However, during the Archon War, the area was destroyed to such an extent that even in modern times, the land has never completely recovered. While some trees and grasses have managed to grow, the land is mostly uninhabited by humans.
Architecture[]
The architecture in Liyue is reminiscent of the style of ancient Chinese architecture, with similar color schemes and hints, such as the eaved rooftops of many of the buildings and the warm color palette.
In a study, furnishings must be placed in a specific location and angle. There are apparently three schools of thought and nine areas of specialization on this subject.[2]
Cuisine[]
Main page: Category:Liyue Dishes
Liyue has two main culinary styles: the Li style, which focuses on bold, rich flavors using ingredients picked from the mountains, and the Yue style, which favors lighter-flavored seafood.[3] The two styles have a long history in Liyue and have been locked in bitter rivalry for just as long; fans of one style often clash with fans of the other. In Liyue Harbor, Liuli Pavilion and Xinyue Kiosk are the most reputable restaurants of their respective styles, and are both located in the city's shopping district, Feiyun Slope.
Chihu Rock, which is the relatively poorer end of the city,[Note 1] focuses more on street food but has some up-and-coming restaurants of their own, such as Wanmin Restaurant.
Tea is very popular among the people of Liyue; Qiaoying Village is renowned for its tea leaves, which can be served as drinks or made into tea cakes. Serving tea is also very complex, with every establishment having their own take, and the idea of serving tea via tea bags is completely foreign, though likely frowned upon.
During breakfast, dim sum is a popular choice of food, which consists of sweet or savory ready-made or made-to-order food. When served with tea, it is known as yum cha. 
Education[]
It appears that education in Liyue largely depends on the person's wealth and social standing. Ren'yu and Lan both come from the lower ranks of society; the former is incapable of interpreting simple drawings, while the latter states that she is illiterate and leaves all the business to Katheryne despite being the guild master. Tutors are implied to be in high demand for more affluent families; Xingqiu and his sibling(s) are particularly well-educated due to their family's wealth and position.
Apart from general education, some people join "clans" for martial arts training, one of the more known clans being the Guhua Clan.
Medicine[]
See also: Medicine in Teyvat
Thanks to Baizhu, an expert physician and maker of medicine who also has access to Changsheng's powers — though most people are unaware of this — medicine in Liyue is relatively comprehensive, with Bubu Pharmacy and Baizhu himself renowned even beyond Liyue.[4]
Chenyu Vale also has its own medicine practices.
Music[]
The soundtracks for Liyue contains a lot of string instruments and percussions. The music usually has high, clear notes, and classical Chinese instruments like the erhu, guzheng and dizi are used.
Technology[]
Ancient technology constructed by gods and humans can be seen around Liyue, such as Guizhong Ballista and Dunyu Ruins.
Sword Arts[]
Main article: Martial Arts in Teyvat § Liyue
Mystic Arts[]
Main article: Mystic Arts in Teyvat § Liyue
Designs, Motifs, and Symbols[]
See also: Symbols in Teyvat
The following designs, motifs, and symbols are typically seen within Liyue or on Liyue-related parties.
Liyue typically incorporates geometric designs into its architecture and design work. Meanders are a common decorative design, and diamonds are a common shape in various emblems found throughout Liyue.
Character Cards[]
The overall shape of Liyue Character Cards contains a large circle with a diamond inlaid in the center. Four paper lanterns are on either side of the diamond, with the Liyue Vision shape at top center with the character's element inlaid inside and two Ginkgo leaves on either side of it. The icons inside the paper lanterns vary based on the character's affiliations.
Adepti and adepti-related characters will have icons of Liyue's sacred beasts: a dragon at top left, a stag at top right, a qilin at bottom left, and a crane at bottom right. The characters who have this version are: Ganyu, Qiqi, Xianyun, Xiao, Yanfei, and Zhongli.
Characters who do not use the adepti's version will instead contain emblems representing the notable trade sectors of Liyue Harbor: The Mora triquetra at the top left as symbol of the Golden House's Mora mint, a Silk Flower at top right as symbol for the fabric trades such as the Feiyun Commerce Guild as well as for the herbal and pharmaceutical trades such as the Bubu Pharmacy, a ship representing Liyue Harbor's trade fleets and shipyards as well as The Crux at bottom left, and a sword (specifically Prototype Rancour) and polearm (either Black Tassel or White Tassel) crossed at bottom right as symbol of their smithies and forges such as the Blackcliff Forge.
The adepti's version, as seen on QiqiThe non-adepti version, as seen on Keqing
Multi-Diamond[]
The multi-diamond symbols are likely based on Chinese traditional motif "Fangsheng" (方胜纹).
Alongside the Geo symbol, which naturally represents the Geo Archon, the Geo Archon symbol (unofficial name) can be found in places associated with Morax. It is comprised of one central square diamond, with smaller square diamonds at each corner. This symbol can be found at Yuehai Pavilion, where the Yiyan Temple dedicated to Morax can be found, and on the back of Zhongli's clothing. The "polearm" icon also contains the Geo Archon symbol.
The back of Zhongli's coatPartially shown on Sundial of Enduring JadeThe Geo Archon symbol on the polearm iconSymbol outside of Yiyan Temple
The triple diamond (unofficial name) is a design motif most prominently seen on the effects of the Liyue Series weapons, although it can also be seen on places such as Xinyan's sleeves. It is comprised of two smaller diamonds surrounding one large diamond, with another shape (typically another diamond) in the center of the large diamond.
Summit Shaper showing the triple diamond along its cross-guardZhongli's constellation Lapis Dei. The spear (likely Vortex Vanquisher) showing the triple diamond
Note: The Mondstadt-based Millennial Movement Series weapons' effect has a similar symbol, but only has two diamonds instead of three.
Cloud Motif[]
A traditional stylised clouds decorative pattern called "Xiangyun" (祥云, Auspicious clouds).
Auspicious Symbols[]
Design motifs below can be seen on stone bricks and inside certain instances in Liyue.
Wan (万字, Sauwastika/Ten thousand)Leiwen (雷纹, Thunder)Ruyi (如意, As desired)Shou（寿字, Longevity）
The Scales[]
Scales and balances are associated with Liyue. The most commonly seen usage is on Pressure Plates.
Liyue emblemLiyue pressure plateChasm pressure plate
Economy[]
Liyue's economy is very reliant on its harbors. People from Snezhnaya like Ivanovich are traders in Liyue, and a fisherman mentioned that he used to import goods from Inazuma over to Liyue before the lockdown. Local Liyue specialties like Chilibrew and silk are known in other countries. The Dawn Winery sells their beverages to Liyue trading unions and individual merchants, who then resell them inside or to other nations. Liyue also exports cloth to Inazuma, primarily Ogura Textiles & Kimonos. Qiaoying Village is known for its high-quality tea, supplying both the local and foreign markets. Liyue Harbor handles commerce with Mondstadt, Inazuma, Sumeru and likely Snezhnaya, while Yilong Wharf mainly handles commerce with Fontaine.
While the Qixing, mostly the Yuheng, have helped keep the roads safer by cracking down on banditry, there is still a large demand for escorting goods. Some people have set up Local Security Agencies to help merchants transport and protect goods; because these agencies are independently operated, standardizing them has proven to be an issue for the Qixing. One of the more known and reputable security agencies is the Secure Transport Agency.[5]
The country has several industries overseen by the Eight Trades, eight commerce sectors under the jurisdiction of the Liyue Qixing. Of the eight, only four are known; the Communications office, presumably specializing in judiciary matters, Huishan Hall, which presumably specializes in mining, Shenglu Hall, which specializes in glazed ceramics, and Yinyuan Hall, which specializes in salt.
Liyue also has a vast mining and smithing industry in place. Blackcliff Forge is where the Blackcliff and Prototype Series were made. In addition to creating weapons, the forge also doubles as a mine. When the ores in Mingyun Village were almost exhausted, the villagers abandoned the mine and moved west to seek better prospects. The Chasm is the most reputed mine in the nation, as many miners find employment there. Due to a series of unknown incidents, the Liyue Qixing had temporarily shut the mine down and initially worked with the Fatui to investigate, but after Childe's betrayal, they cut them off. Once the Traveler manages to find what appeared to be the main culprit, the Qixing has begun to let small groups of experienced miners back in.
The nation was also the sole minter of Mora due to Morax's Gnosis, some of which are kept in the nation, while the rest are sent to the other nations. However, he eventually gave up his Gnosis per an agreement with the Tsaritsa; in the process, he also forgot to find an alternative plan, resulting in no new Mora being circulated for the time being.[6]
Fashion[]
The fashion in Liyue seems to also take inspiration from Chinese fashion such as the cheongsam and the hanfu. It should be noted that clothing styles of Liyue are based on no particular dynasties, though they all are inspired by Chinese culture.
Men's Fashion[]
Boys' attire(Yu)Men's attire, version 1(Herbalist Gui)Men's attire, version 2(Bolai)Men's attire, version 3(Bravo)Men's attire, version 4(Smiley Yanxiao)Men's attire, version 5(???)Men's attire, version 6(Xu)Elderly men's attire, version 1(Degui)Elderly men's attire, version 2(Manager Xiao)
Suling has a customized fifth version which forgoes the shirt underneath the vest and instead wraps his torso with bandages.
Some of the shirts that males wear in Liyue are based off the tangzhuang, as seen in the decorations on the front of the shirt.
Women's Fashion[]
Girls' attire(Changchang)Women's attire, version 1(Linlang)Women's attire, version 2(Ms. Bai)Women's attire, version 3(Siyu)Women's attire, version 4 (Huixing)Women's attire, version 5(Shiliu)Elderly women's attire(Madame Ping)
Girls in Liyue tend to wear short, knee length dresses that have a resemblance to the Chinese qipao. Women who lived in Liyue Harbor tend to wear long dresses with similar details to the qipao. Madame Ping's clothes seemed to be inspired by the hanfu, an ancient style of clothing. This could be a reference to Madame Ping's age.
Millelith Uniform[]
Millelith soldier uniform(Hongyu)Millelith officer uniform(Zhenhai)
Waitress Uniform[]
Brown waitress attire(Yueshu)Red waitress attire(Licai)
Wangsheng Funeral Parlor Uniform[]
Female Wangsheng Funeral Parlor uniform (Ferrylady)Male Wangsheng Funeral Parlor uniform (Meng)
Exorcist and Thaumaturge Attire[]
Variation of exorcist attire(Chongyun)Variation of exorcist attire(Shenhe)
Exorcists and thaumaturges have their own recognizable attire.[7][8] Chongyun and Shenhe are both exorcists from the same clan, although the latter lives a life of seclusion in the mountains of Liyue. There are currently no NPCs wearing exorcist or thaumaturge attire.
Festivals and Holidays[]
Lantern Rite Festival[]
Main article: Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival[]
Main article: Moonchase Festival
Rite of Descension[]
The Rite of Descension (Chinese: 七星请仙典仪 Qīxīng Qǐng Xiān Diǎn Yí, "Qixing's Adeptus Invitation Ceremony") is an annual event that occurs in Liyue Harbor. The Liyue Qixing invite the Geo Archon, Morax, to the mortal realm to give his divine predictions for the upcoming year, which the Qixing use to determine Liyue's policies and business trends.
It is unknown how many predictions are typically made per year, but the year before the Traveler and Paimon visited Liyue, Morax gave 17 predictions.[9]
Unlike Rite of Partings, which are used to commemorate deceased adepti, the Rite of Descension appears to be open to all people and is a popular tourist attraction. Liyue people who live abroad will also often make a pilgrimage home to witness the Rite of Descension.[10] However, life in Liyue Harbor largely continues as normal otherwise, and most of the city's residents don't attend the event.[9]
Languages[]
Several different languages are used simultaneously in Liyue. Alongside the common language, a local language that resembles Chinese seal script can be found throughout Liyue, such as signs and even certain character skill animations. On a few occasions, in-game books have explained the significance of names derived from the "local language."
Idioms[]
Liyue is known for its idioms and sayings, a few of which have been brought up throughout the game. Because idioms tend to depend on cultural context, they are sometimes altered for the English localization to fit the spirit of the saying.
English Version
Chinese Version
Meaning
The walls have ears.[9][11]
隔墙有耳 Géqiáng-yǒu'ěr, lit. "There are ears on the other side of the wall."
Be careful of what you say, because people may be eavesdropping.
The insect that shakes the oak tree ludicrously overestimates its ability.[12]
蚍蜉撼大树，可笑不自量 Pífú hàn dàshù, kěxiào bù zìliàng, lit. "How ridiculous and overconfident it is that an ant wishes to shake a large tree."
The hunter by day is the hunted by night.[13]
螳螂捕蝉，黄雀在后 Tángláng bǔ chán, huángquè zài hòu, lit. "The mantis catches the cicada, unaware of the siskin behind"
Same meaning as the English idiom "The hunter becomes the hunted," signifying a reversal of roles.
What tossed to a dog is as good as eaten.[14]
肉包子打狗，一去不回 Ròubāozi dǎ gǒu, yīqùbùhuí, lit. "Hit a dog with a meat-filled baozi; once gone, it will never return"(In the web event, Tartaglia forgets "meat-filled baozi" and substitutes the phrase with "something" (Chinese: 什么 shenme).)
Figures of speech for something that will never return.
Don't always call it as you see it.[15]
看破不说破 Kànpò bù shuōpò, lit. "You can see through it, but don't lay it bare."
Be tactful with your words; don't point out every little flaw just because you notice it.
Inspired by life but larger than life.[16]
源于生活，高于生活 Yuán yú shēnghuó, gāo yú shēnghuó, lit. "Inspired by life but larger than life."
You can't keep your shoes dry if you keep walking along the river.[17]
常在河边走，哪有不湿鞋 Cháng zài hébiān zǒu, nǎ yǒu bù shī xié, lit. "If you always walk along the river, how can you have shoes that are not wet?"
You will be affected by your environment.
Even the most meticulous can fall prey to happenstance.[18]
百密终有一疏 Bǎi mì zhōng yǒu yī shū, lit. "Amidst a hundred acts of meticulousnesses, there is eventually one act of carelessness."
Even the most careful people can still make mistakes.
Food is life.[19]
民以食为天 Mín yǐ shí wéi tiān, lit. "People regard food as their primary need."
You never truly know someone until you meet them in person.[20]
闻名不如见面 Wénmíng bùrú jiànmiàn, lit. "Knowing someone by reputation cannot compare to meeting them in person."
An object takes after its master.[21]
物似主人形 Wù shì zhǔrén xíng, lit. "An object takes after its master."
A person's belongings and pets often share characteristics with their owner.
Upright officials are hapless in household affairs.[22]
清官难断家务事 Qīngguān nánduàn jiāwùshì, lit. "Even upright officials find it hard to settle family quarrels."
Family matters are difficult to understand for outsiders.
Achievement in a field is the result of how hard you are willing to work at it, not how much you enjoy it.[23]
业精于勤而荒于嬉 Yè jīng yú qín ér huāng yú xī, lit. "One's studies become proficient through diligence, and deteriorate through frolicking."
Only a mighty sword is worthy of a mighty hero.[2]
宝剑赠英雄 lit. "A treasured sword should be gifted to a hero."
A real man doesn't accept handouts.[24]
丈夫不食嗟来之粟 Zhàngfū bù shí jiē lái zhī sù, lit. "A real man does not eat food handed out with a contemptuous 'Tsk! Come here!'"
Rare merchandise are sound investments.[25]
奇货可居 Qíhuò-kějū, lit. "Rare goods can be hoarded."
Rare goods can be hoarded to resell when prices go up.
Money belongs to the world outside your head.[26]
钱财乃身外之物 Qiáncái nǎi shēnwài zhī wù, lit. "Money is external to one's life."
Money will come and go.
Outsiders see clearly.[27]
旁观者清 Pángguān zhě qīng, lit. "Those who are not involved can see things clearly."
A bystander is always clear-minded.
Don't rush to eat hot tofu, or you'll burn your tongue.[28]
心急吃不了热豆腐 Xīnjí chī bùliǎo rè dòufu, lit. "Those who are impatient cannot eat hot tofu."
Don't be hasty.
Trying to drive a duck up a ramp.[29]
赶鸭子上架 Gǎn yāzi shàng jià, lit. "To drive a duck onto a perch."
To push someone to do something beyond their ability.
We will meet again.[30]
后会有期 Hòuhuì-yǒuqī, lit. "We will meet again someday."
Heroes are made young.[31]
英雄出少年 Yīngxióng chū shàonián, lit. "Heroes appear from youths."
Outstanding individuals are mostly found among the young.
Everything has a balance.[32]
张弛有度 Zhāngchí-yǒudù, lit. "To have control over tightening and loosening."
Able to successfully strike a balance between two things.
A gift of charcoal amidst the snow.[33]
雪中送炭 Xuězhōng-sòngtàn, lit. "To send charcoal amidst the snow."
To help someone in need.
Grieving to the point of neither eating nor drinking.[33]
茶不思饭不想 Chá bù sī, fàn bù xiǎng, lit. "Not thinking of tea, nor thinking of rice."
To lose one's appetite, typically out of anxiety or grief over losing someone important.
A withered tree lives again.[34]
枯木发荣 Kūmù-fāróng, lit. "A withered tree flourishes."
The dying thing returns to life.
Politics[]
Liyue is governed by the Liyue Qixing, a group of seven powerful businesspeople who interpret and dictate the rules set forth by Rex Lapis. Each of one of these seven members works in their own division to strengthen the country; the Tianquan, Ningguang, focuses on the law, the Yuheng, Keqing focuses on land development, employment, construction and real estate, while the Tianshu, Uncle Tian, focuses on policymaking.
Military[]
The Qixing's military force is the Millelith, who also double as peacekeepers when Liyue is not in conflict. The Millelith have set up various outposts around commonly passed roads to protect travelers from monsters and bandits. Due to the large numbers of Treasure Hoarders in the nation, the Millelith also partake in undercover infiltration ops to weaken them from the inside. The Millelith maintain a heavy presence around Liyue Harbor, with smaller groups out in the countryside. A small force is also located in Yilong Wharf, consisting of elite troops; their headquarters is also inconspicuous, to blend with the locals.
Liyue is also protected by various adepti who signed a contract with Morax to defend the nation from malevolent forces. In the present day, there are seven known adepti who continue to do so; Xiao, Ganyu, Madame Ping, Yanfei's father, Cloud Retainer, Moon Carver and Mountain Shaper. Xiao plays a more active role in eliminating demons as the only remaining yaksha. Ganyu and Madame Ping reside in Liyue Harbor, the former assisting the Liyue Qixing while the latter spends her time in Yujing Terrace. Yanfei's father had left prior to the current events of the game on a journey with his wife. The latter three mostly remain in their abodes in Jueyun Karst. Sometime later, Cloud Retainer would move to Liyue Harbor under the alias of Xianyun.
After Morax stepped down as Archon, the adepti have allowed humans to govern and manage Liyue, but will intervene to defend the nation should they be incapable of doing so.
Travel Highlights[]
The Teyvat Travel Highlights are published by the Adventurers' Guild on the Genshin Impact official website.
A Merchant's Memory of Liyue[]
When I received the invitation from the Merchant and Adventurers' Guilds of Liyue to write a piece on Liyue Harbor, I hesitated for a long time before finally embracing the challenge. Sure, I have been running a caravan around Teyvat with my father for as long as I can remember. Those born and raised in Liyue aside, there is no one in Teyvat who knows every route in and out of Liyue as well as I. With that said, I've met my share of exceptional poets and writers on the road, and I would never consider myself a writer of their caliber. Therefore, I'm afraid I must apologize in advance for my lack of literary ability to write a real page-turner. So, please bear with me.
Even when I was young, Liyue Harbor, the greatest trading port in all of Teyvat, already meant wealth and prosperity to everyone in our caravan. I remember, back then, every time when the children heard the caravan was going to Liyue, they'd beg for a place in the caravan. Though it was a long time ago, the memory of the bustling streets, noisy crowds, and the wonders lying on the shop shelves are all still so vivid to me. I can still remember the mysterious and enticing scents calling out to me from the snack stalls.
When I came of age, I was entrusted with the family business. I then led the caravan between all the major cities across Teyvat. As the world opened up to me, Liyue also became a lot more to me than just the port I used to run around barefoot in as a kid.
From my understanding of Liyue Harbor's history, I can dare to make a bold conclusion on just how Liyue came to be so rich. Just as any other prosperous city in Teyvat, Liyue's prosperity came from its geographic advantages. Liyue is a harbor city surrounded by mountains on three sides. Beyond the mountains inland, there are vast foothills, plains, fords, and abundant mines full of precious ores. These ores are harvested and made into exquisite crafts at the hands of skilled craftsmen. The founding of the harbor and the establishment of the sea routes were instrumental in popularizing Liyue's commercial trade, as it was the export of crafts that laid the initial foundation for Liyue's financial development. Even now, Liyue's exquisite crafts are still prized by people across the continent.
After all these years, the sea routes leading into Liyue are now very well established. Trade vessel is the ideal travel method for anyone wanting to conduct business in Liyue. However, for common travelers and tourists, the land routes are recommended for a richer sightseeing experience as opposed to being on the great blue for prolonged periods of time.
Due to the complex terrain surrounding Liyue, the most common route there by land starts out from Mondstadt's Dawn Winery, then heads southwest. The route takes travelers through Mondstadt's signature landscapes. Enjoy some locally-grown fruit from Mondstadt on the way, and when the open plains are replaced by mountains and lakes, you'll be nearing Mondstadt's border.
Follow the edge of the lake west, and you will see two towering cliffs, serving as a natural boundary that separates Liyue and Mondstadt, with a narrow passage in between them paved with wooden planks. On the rare occasions that I pass through this way, I'm usually focused on getting through as quickly as possible. Though on one occasion I found myself traveling alongside an elderly fisherman. Along the way he covered a wide range of topics, from the identification of different species of river fish, to the ancient legends of Liyue. He said, the lakes in the gorge were blessed water bodies set by Rex Lapis and therefore stopping there may bring you closer to the Archons.
I used to laugh superstitious beliefs off, but my vivacious romanticist of a wife believed what he said. Ever since then, my caravan would rest here for a bit before continuing on, in the hopes of receiving blessings from the gods.
After passing through Stone Gate, the view opens up, revealing the classic outskirt views of Liyue: bodies of water reflecting the skies, and patches of green plants jut out from between shoals and fords. Far in the distance in Dihua Marsh is Wangshu Inn, which sits on top of a giant stone pillar, serving as a landmark for caravans passing through the region. Some foreign traders conduct their business with the local merchants right there, while others rest a bit and gather some trade info before continuing on to Liyue Harbor.
It would probably take a whole book for me to write down every little thing about my past experiences with Liyue from my youth to this day, so I'll stop right here. I don't really know how to conclude things, so I guess I'll just say this: I hope I am remembered by some that I've met out on the road.
P.S. Many thanks to the Merchant and Adventurers' Guilds for giving me a chance to relive my beautiful memories of Liyue. I'd also like to thank my wife, Claire, for her help in infusing some much-needed vitality into my otherwise dull and poor writing.
Notes[]
↑ Chongyun's Hangout Event Act I quest: For A Child's Smile has Chongyun and the Traveler seek out Dalong, a boy who lives in Chihu Rock; his family is poor and sometimes cannot afford to buy food.
References[]
↑ Book: Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I
↑ 2.0 2.1 Serenitea Pot, Companion Dialogue: Zhongli
↑ NPC Dialogue: Xi'er
↑ Commission: Miracle Medicine
↑ Gaming's Voice-Over: Hello
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 6: The Fond Farewell
↑ Hangout Event, Chongyun, Act  I - Signs of Evil: For A Child's Smile
↑ Chongyun's Default Outfit: Pure Spirit
↑ 9.0 9.1 9.2 Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act I - Of the Land Amidst Monoliths, Part 1: Rite of Descension
↑ NPC Dialogue: Musheng
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act II - Farewell, Archaic Lord, Part 6: Guizhong
↑ Story Quest, Xingqiu, Fabulae Textile Chapter: Act I - Bookworm Swordsman, Part 1: Justice, for Books' Sake
↑ Web Event Stone Harbor Treasure Journal Dialogue: Inventory
↑ Web Event Stone Harbor Treasure Journal Dialogue: Ingredients
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 6: The Fond Farewell
↑ Hangout Event, Noelle, Act  II - Knightly Exam Prep: A Knight's Journey Through Liyue
↑ Hangout Event, Chongyun, Act  I - Signs of Evil: Sudden Discomfort
↑ Ningguang's Voice-Over: About Ganyu
↑ Yanfei's Voice-Over: Receiving a Gift: II
↑ Yun Jin's Voice-Over: Hello
↑ Beidou's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Yanfei's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ Yun Jin's Voice-Over: Feelings About Ascension: Intro
↑ Point of Interest, Qingce Village Bulletin Board: Chang the Ninth's Message (Reply)
↑ NPC Dialogue: Hypermarket
↑ World Quest, Part 1: Treasure Lost, Treasure Found
↑ Event Unreconciled Stars Commission: The Essence of Poetry
↑ World Quest, Tatara Tales, Part 2: Tatara Tales: Priority Investigation
↑ World Quest, Tatara Tales, Part 8: Tatara Tales: The Last Act
↑ Event Tuned to the World's Sounds World Quest: Tuned to the World's Sounds
↑ Event Moonlight Merriment Quest: Part II, Part 2: Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go
↑ Event Of Drink A-Dreaming World Quest: Dandelion, Rose, and Windwheel Aster
↑ 33.0 33.1 Event Spices From the West/2022-05-14 World Quest: A Visitor From Westward Realms
↑ NPC Dialogue: Dongsheng
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
OverviewCultureHistoryDesignGallery
Contents
1 Version 2.0 Special Program
1.1 Introducing Inazuma
1.2 History
1.3 Culture and Geography
1.4 Scene Production
1.5 Soundtrack
Version 2.0 Special Program[]
《原神》2.0版本「不动鸣神，泡影断灭」即将于7月21日上线。感谢各位旅行者的支持与陪伴，我们将为大家带来更多2.0版本的最新消息~（本次特别节目中的兑换码将于7月10日中午12:00失效，旅行者们要尽快兑换哦~）Genshin Impact Version 2.0, "The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia," will be launched on July 21st. We would like to thank all Travelers for their support and companionship, and we will bring you more updates on Version 2.0. (The redemption codes provided in this Special Program will expire on July 10th at 12:00 noon, so Travelers should redeem them as soon as possible~)
The Genshin Impact Preview will be released on this channel on July 9 at 12:00 PM (UTC-4). During the program, Dawei (Co-Founder of miHoYo) and the Dev team will share their insight on the anticipated content in the new version. Look out for the redemption code drop in the livestream. Follow us now to get the most up to date information! See you all there, Travelers!
Introducing Inazuma[]
那接下来我们还是回到大家都在关心的稻妻地区吧。稻妻在制作中跟前两个世界区域的情况相比会有一些什么样的变化呢？Dawei: Next, let's talk about Inazuma, which everyone is very excited about. What kind of changes are there in the development of Inazuma compared to the first two regions?
会有的！稻妻是继蒙德、璃月之后，第三块向旅行者们开放的大型世界区域。在稻妻的整个制作过程中，其实整个团队面临了非常巨大的、来自两方面的挑战。一方面是上线后的内容产出的节奏问题，因为大家已经在游玩的，已经上线的蒙德和璃月的区域，我们是花费了很多时间去继续耕耘这些大面积的地块，在上面持续地制作新的内容。但是到了开发稻妻的时候，其实面临的挑战会更大：就像刚才说的，一方面，我们要保证线上能持续更新版本，不断地为玩家提供游玩内容。另一方面，我们还要在开放稻妻新区域这样的关键节点上，大量释出可能比原先更大规模的高质量可玩内容。这些目标其实是为团队增添了不少的压力的，可能是我们团队中的每个人在从业生涯中从未面临过的严峻挑战。Aquaria, Combat Designer: A lot! Inazuma is the third large-scale region open to Travelers, after Mondstadt and Liyue. During the whole process of creating Inazuma, the whole team faced a huge challenge, namely from two aspects. On one hand, there was the issue of the pacing of content output after the launch because everyone was already exploring Mondstadt and Liyue, which were already launched. We spent a lot of time continuing to develop these large areas of land and produce new content on them on an ongoing basis. But when we started to develop Inazuma, the challenges were actually greater. Like what I said earlier, on one hand, we have to make sure that we can continuously update the versions to be launched and continue to provide players with gameplay content. On the other hand, we also have to work on the key node, to develop the new area of Inazuma and launch a massive release of high-quality playable content that may be even larger than the previous versions. These goals actually put a lot of pressure on the team. It's probably a serious challenge that everyone in our team has never faced in their career.
第二方面是针对游戏内容的整体表现。我们会有更进一步的思考和设计，在以往大家已经接触过的比如说与蒙德的「自由」和璃月的「契约」这两个主题不太一样。以雷元素为主的稻妻迎来了新的主题叫「永恒」。那我们也将根据这一主题，从玩法层面上优化游戏内容的设计思路，对其进行统一的呈现。稻妻相关的区域制作，和在此之上的很多比如背景设定、玩法设计，启动时间可能会非常早。团队中的一部分同学，他们在稻妻的内容和玩家见面前，已经在稻妻的相应版本开发中努力了非常久。The second aspect is about the overall performance of the game content. We engaged in a more in-depth thought and design process. Different from the themes that everyone has come into contact with, such as Mondstadt's "freedom" and Liyue's "contracts" — Inazuma, which is centered around Electro, has ushered in a new theme called "eternity." Then, we will also optimize the design ideas of game content from the level of gameplay based on this theme to present them in a uniform manner. For Inazuma-related regional productions and many aspects on top of it, such as the background, gameplay design, we started on them pretty early. Some of our teammates have been working hard on the development of the version corresponding to Inazuma for a long time before the Inazuma content is released to our players.
比起类似的、都有新探索区域的版本，比如已经开放的1.2版本的龙脊雪山和1.6版本的金苹果群岛，稻妻的规模更大，内容密度更高，所以相关的工作也更耗费精力。针对内容的整体性，我们对稻妻区域想要表达的内容做了一些关键词的收束，例如刚才提到的永恒、雷元素、能量等等。这些关键字会延伸出一系列的场景和玩法设计，但最终它们又会收敛到这些核心的概念之下。例如谈到能量，我们有更多的关卡玩法和战斗机制，在元素能量这个概念上挖掘更多的可能性，创造出新的战术体系；谈到雷元素，在感电、超导这些已经存在的战斗相关的雷元素反应之外，我们还会根据稻妻本地有的一些特色的机关和生态特征，对雷元素的玩法去做一定的扩展。Compared to similar, new areas that Travelers can explore such as Dragonspine in V1.2 and the Golden Apple Archipelago in V1.6, the scale of Inazuma is larger and the content is more dense, so the relevant work required is also more intensive. For the content as a whole, we have come up with some keywords to condense what we want to express in the Inazuma area. For example, eternity, Electro, and energy mentioned earlier, these keywords will then bring out a series of scenarios and gameplay designs but eventually they will converge back to these core concepts. When it comes to energy, for example, we have more stage gameplay and combat mechanics to explore more possibilities on the concept of Elemental Energy and create new combat systems. When it comes to Electro, outside of the existing combat-related Electro-Charged and Superconduct reactions, we will also take into account some of the unique local mechanisms and ecological features that Inazuma has to expand on the gameplay for Electro.
同时，我们吸取了在之前地区的经验，摒弃了部分需要玩家强行使用某些特定角色或特定元素才能完成的挑战。我们现在的做法是将这些设计改成了机制自洽，只需要玩家思考使用方式即可完成的机关。在此基础上，我们也去尝试通过一些玩法，大幅改变玩家在地区的探索体验。也是希望能够通过这些改变，让玩家在稻妻地区可以收获新的乐趣。At the same time, we have learned from our experience in previous regions. We have abandoned some of the challenges that require players to use certain characters or specific elements in order to complete them. What we have done now is to change these designs to mechanisms that fit within the existing rules — mechanism puzzles that can be solved when the player figures out how to use the mechanism. On this basis, we also tried to use some gameplay methods to significantly change our players' exploration experience in the region. We hope that through these changes, players can find new fun and enjoy themselves in the Inazuma region.
听到这里我自己都非常想早点去稻妻地区逛一逛了。Dawei: Hearing this makes me very excited to visit Inazuma.
哈哈，稻妻地区也恭候各位旅行者多时了。非常高兴今天可以在这里一口气跟大家分享这么多的想法。作为战斗设计，我们也会一如既往地为玩家们提供更加有趣、高质量的游戏体验。稍后也会有更多的制作人员来详细地给大家介绍有关稻妻的内容。还请大家持续关注我们！Aquaria, Combat Designer: Haha, Inazuma has been awaiting our Travelers for a long time. I am very glad to be here today to share so many thoughts with you all at once. For combat design, we will also continue to provide players with a more interesting and high-quality gaming experience. Later there will be more development staff to introduce the content of Inazuma in detail. Please stay tuned, Travelers.
新地区的开放往往伴随着全新的人文风情与冒险故事，相信大家对此还是很期待的。之前旅行者们已经在自由之都蒙德与契约之邦璃月结识了不少同伴，也对两个地区各具特色的风土人情有所了解。而在海对岸，稻妻的这片土地上，也有着独特的故事与风俗。雷神治下寻求「永恒」的国度，旅行者们抵达那里之后，将有怎样与众不同的奇遇呢？今天我们特别邀请到制作团队中IP团队的负责人——小螺号来跟大家分享一些有关稻妻的内容。Dawei: The unveiling of a new region is often accompanied by an entire new culture and adventure. I believe everyone has been looking forward to this. Previously, Travelers have made many friends in Mondstadt, the City of Freedom, and Liyue, the Harbor of Contracts — and also got to find out more about the unique culture of each region. On the other side of the sea, the land of Inazuma also has its own stories to tell. The nation that seeks "eternity" under the rule of the Electro Archon. What kind of extraordinary encounters will Travelers have when they arrive there? Today, we have a special guest, Head of Genshin Impact's Creative Concept and Writing Team, Xiao Luohao, to share with everyone some content about Inazuma.
各位旅行者，大家好。我是来自IP部门的小螺号，很高兴能与大家见面。作为IP部门负责人，非常荣幸能在今天这样一个场合下，与大家聊聊稻妻这个新地区的一些有趣设定。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: Hello, Travelers. I'm Xiao Luohao from the IP department. Nice to meet everyone. As Head of the Creative Concept and Writing Team, I'm honored to be here today to share details about some of the interesting design of the new region, Inazuma.
说到这一点，我知道有不少玩家对我们游戏的世界观设定做过非常深入的研究哦。Dawei: Speaking of which, I know a lot of our players have done in-depth study of our game's lore and design.
是的，我个人也很喜欢看大家对于提瓦特大陆所做的考据。我们团队的大家在创作过程中构思了很多内容，这些都会成为埋藏在游戏各处的线索。玩家去寻找、发现这些线索并解读它们，就是在与我们进行一种跨越时间空间的交流。这会让我们这些创作者获得由衷的喜悦感。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: Yes. Personally, I also enjoy reading the analyses that our players have about Teyvat. Everyone in our team came up with a lot of content during the brainstorming process and all of these will become clues hidden in various parts of the game. Players can search for, discover, and decipher these clues. That's sort of a communication with us across time and space — it gives us creators a heartfelt sense of joy.
没错，玩家朋友们的热情与关注一直是我们团队的重要力量来源。我们很感谢大家对原神的喜爱。作为创作方，我们所能做的就是尽力捧出最好的成品来回馈大家。比如今天，我们就带来了一些相信能让大家比较感兴趣的话题。Dawei: That's right. The enthusiasm and attention our players have shown has been an important source of strength for our team. We are very thankful for everyone's love towards Genshin Impact. As creators, all we can do is strive to produce the best product in return for everyone's support. For example, today, we have brought some topics that we believe will be of more interest to everyone.
要介绍稻妻的话，不妨就从我们现在所身处的这个茶室场景来聊一聊。稻妻城中也有一间类似的茶室，整体风格比较幽致、比较幽静。我们给它取名叫「木漏茶室」。木漏其实是穿过叶隙的光的意思。不过跟我们现在所处的氛围不太一样的是，「木漏茶室」是一处隐蔽场所，只有预约过的特别来宾才能进入。而且茶室老板是一只包着头巾的柴犬，有个很可爱的名字，叫「太郎丸」。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: To introduce Inazuma, let's start with the scene of this tea room we are in now. There is a similar teahouse in Inazuma and its overall style is rather tranquil and quiet. We named it Komore Teahouse. "Komore" actually means light passing through the gaps between leaves, but what's different from the atmosphere we're is now is Komore Teahouse is a very hidden place; only special guests with reservations are allowed to enter. The owner of the teahouse is a Shiba Inu with a bandana around his forehead. He has a very cute name, "Taroumaru."
柴犬老板？这个很有意思啊！不是人而是一只柴犬来担任茶室老板的角色。沟通上应该会不太一样吧？那作为客人，旅行者喝完茶之后，需要自己把钱放进一个小箱子里面吗？Dawei: Boss Shiba Inu? That's really interesting. The teahouse is owned by a dog instead of a person — the communication should be different, right? Then, as a customer, after the Traveler has had tea, they have to put the money inside a small box by themselves?
是的，而且茶室里面有些比较特别的地方。传说所有店员都跟太郎丸签订了某种不能言说的契约，然后他们必须永远留在这个地方打工。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: Yes, haha. And there are some special aspects of the teahouse: legend has it that all employees have signed some kind of unspeakable contract with Taroumaru and they must work there forever.
这个也和想象中不一样。柴犬老板听起来非常有手段的角色。像我的话，听完就会觉得这些说法好像跟都市传说一样。感觉稻妻是个很神奇的地方。Dawei: Well that's not what I expected. It sounds like there's more than meets the eye to Boss Shiba Inu. After hearing this, I feel like these stories resemble urban legends. It feels like Inazuma is a remarkable place.
从都市传说的角度来说，稻妻确实跟旅行者较为熟知的前两个地区不太一样。不过「木漏茶室」只是稻妻城里一个比较小的场景。除此以外，稻妻境内还有很多比较宏伟、比较大的布设。每个区域都有自己独特的设计和布局方式。我们希望旅行者能够在冒险过程中不断深入探索，去发现其中暗藏的各种故事和细节。整个稻妻地区是各位旅行者在提瓦特大陆上一个精彩而神秘的新领域。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: In terms of urban legends, Inazuma is indeed different from the first two regions that Travelers are familiar with. However, the Komore Teahouse is only one small place in Inazuma City. In addition to this, there are so many more magnificent and larger locations in Inazuma. Each area has its own unique design and layout. We hope that Travelers can continue to explore in-depth during their adventures to discover the various stories and details hidden within.
陆上踏足的第三个区域，在研发的初期，我们团队就拟定了稻妻的主题是「海洋群岛」。作为七国中唯一一个完全位于海洋上的国度，我们既希望保留「稻妻」这一个称呼所代表的地区统一性，又希望各自独立的岛屿——因为它有六个不同的岛构成嘛，能够带来与之前我们旅行所经历过的璃月和蒙德所不同的地块表现。Inazuma is the third region that Travelers set foot in on the continent of Teyvat. At the beginning of development, our team drafted the theme of Inazuma as an "Ocean Archipelago" as the only one of the seven nations located entirely in the ocean. We wanted to preserve the unity of the region represented by the name "Inazuma" but also hope that each separate island — because it consists of six different islands — is able to bring a different regional experience than what we encountered on our journey through Liyue and Mondstadt.
不同的自然风光是好做，但是整体性这一点是要怎么去把控呢？能给我们展开说说吗？Dawei: Different types of natural scenery are easy to make but how can we control and present the uniformity of Inazuma? Can you share more on that with us?
关于整体性这一点，可能展开的话会有些长。那我们就要从稻妻底层设定说起了。众所周知，稻妻是由雷神统治的国度。雷元素的一大象征是大家比较熟悉的事物：闪电，就是一瞬即逝。闪电往往代表着须臾、瞬间。可是雷神在故事里追求的理念却是「永恒」。那么，是发生了什么让雷神的想法从须臾变成了永恒呢？这种理念变更背后的深意是什么？这些矛盾与碰撞正是我们想要在剧情中传递给大家的。我们也非常希望这种内核上的探讨能具有比较强的延展性，能带动玩家在游玩过程当中获得体验的同时能够有进一步的思索。确立雷神追求永恒的大前提之后，我们开始着手于细节，将矛盾点投入到具体呈现在游戏内表面上的剧情与设定当中。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: On the point of uniformity, it may be a bit long to share entirely. We have to start from the foundation of Inazuma's design. It is well known that Inazuma is a nation ruled by the Electro Archon and Electro represents something everyone is familiar with: lightning, which happens in a flash. Lightning often symbolizes a fleeting moment, an instant. However, the concept that the Electro Archon pursues in the story is "eternity." So, what exactly happened to cause the Electro Archon's conviction to change from being a moment to an eternity? What is the deeper meaning behind this change in philosophy? These contradictions and collisions are exactly what we want to convey to you in the plot. We also very much hope that the discussion on this core idea can be expanded upon — it can drive players to have a good gaming experience, and at the same time, they can ponder more about this. After establishing the general premise of the Electro Archon's pursuit of eternity, we started work on the details — presenting the conflict in the game's storyline and design, and manifesting it concretely.
我猜大家听到这里，可能会对雷神的行为产生进一步的联想。比如说，驱动她追求永恒的契机是什么？发生了什么让她产生这个想法？这种追求她使用什么手段追求？这种手段是否具有可行性？雷神在追求「永恒」的过程中把这个目标推进到了哪个阶段？这种举动会带来什么影响？神的追求与人的追求是否会产生新的矛盾？……等等等等。在实际制作的过程中，这些问题、这些思考一旦汇聚到关于各种游戏内的细节刻画上，就转化成了孕育出整个稻妻文化内容的培养土。在做各个岛屿的设定的时候，我们都会考虑这些点，去投放有关神明的追求，有关神的眷属，以及有关人民留下的刻痕。I guess everyone hearing this now must be thinking about the rationale behind the Electro Archon's actions. For example, what is the motivation that drives her to pursue eternity? What happened to give her this idea? What does she use to pursue this goal? How feasible are such means? What stage has the Electro Archon reached so far in her pursuit of "eternity"? And what are the implications of her actions? Will this Archon's pursuit conflict with those of her people? ...And so on. In the actual process of production, these questions and thoughts converged together within the details in-game. They were transformed into a soil that nurtured the entire culture of Inazuma. We have taken these points into consideration when designing each island to reflect the pursuits of the gods, their favors, and the marks left by the people involved.
用这种以小见大——通过不同族群，以细见整的方式来反向体现「雷神追求永恒」的主题。虽然有不同岛屿、不同的族群，它们的局部表现是有差异的，但从整体的视角出发去看的话，整个矛盾是贯穿在全局中的、存在于稻妻每个部分。因此，我们整体的统一性就显示出来了。To reflect the greater worldview through stories of the common folk, through different factions, the theme of "the Electro Archon's pursuit of Eternity" is reflected through details, helping us present the big picture. Although there are different islands and factions, there are differences in how they are presented for certain aspects. But if we look at it from a holistic perspective, the conflict is present throughout the entire story and in every part of Inazuma. Thus, the unity of the whole is shown.
我明白了，也就是说——the overall concept of Inazuma runs like a vein through the design of the entire region，但细节各有不同。从这里面能够看出整个稻妻各个群体的动向与动机。Dawei: I see, that's to say — the overall concept of Inazuma runs like a vein through the design of the entire region but the details vary. And from this, we can see the actions and motives of various factions from Inazuma.
是的，以上我说的这些只是比较基本的思路构建过程。具体设计的话，我们会从大概三个入手点去着手：一个是「历史」，第二个是「人文」，第三个是「地理」。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: That's right. What I have mentioned is just a basic process of our brainstorming. For the specific design, we will start with three entry points: one is history, the second is culture, and the third is geography.
History[]
从历史上来说，也就是稻妻地区曾发生过什么样的事件，相信不少玩家朋友都关注到。提瓦特大陆上发生过一场旷日持久的魔神战争，我们很多故事都是衍生着魔神战争发生的；还包括之后产生的一个悲剧叫坎瑞亚灾变的前后始末。很多战争和争斗导致了失去，从失去的悲苦之中，又催生出了一些执着。神的理念与人文精神也多少受到这些重大历史转折点的影响。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: We refer to history as the events that have happened in the Inazuma region. I believe that many players have noticed that there was a long and arduous Archon War on the continent of Teyvat. Many of our stories are derived from the Archon War that took place. In also includes the tragedy that arose, the destruction of Khaenri'ah. Many wars and battles have led to loss; out of the sorrow of loss, obsession is spawned. The gods' philosophy and humanism were also somewhat influenced by these major historical turning points.
创作期间我们也做了不少对现实世界的考据，用以参考。比如我们参考化用了一个叫「奉行」的制度，在稻妻，「奉行」基本上可以理解成专门负责管理某方面事务的重要人物。稻妻目前有三所最显赫的奉行，他们分别是：九条家所带领的天领奉行，负责管理治安和军事，执行眼狩令；柊家所带领的勘定奉行，他们负责管理财政以及海关通行的事务；以及最后第三户就是神里家所带领的社奉行，他们负责管理神社、庆典及一些文化活动。During the creation process, we also did a lot of research on the real world for reference. For example, we referenced a system called "Bugyou," or "Commissions." In Inazuma, a "Commissioner" is basically an important person responsible for a certain area of affairs. There are three prominent Commissions in Inazuma. They are: the Tenryou Commission led by the Kujou Clan, responsible for managing security and military affairs, and enforcing the Vision Hunt Decree; the Kanjou Commission led by the Hiiragi Clan, responsible for managing finance and customs; and the third is the Yashiro Commission, led by the Kamisato Clan — they are in charge of managing shrines, festivals, and cultural events.
我刚刚好像听到了一个很熟悉的名字？我们先继续。那地理方面又是怎么设计的呢？Dawei: One of those clan names sounded very familiar... Haha, let's move on. And how is the geographic aspect designed?
Culture and Geography[]
地理的话，首先我们配合美术和设计部门进行了一些联调，采取元素对应色的方式。和之前两个区域类似，我们确定了雷元素印象色是紫色，在紫色的基础上为之后的设计打下基础。稻妻有一个比较有特色的地方，这也是其他设计部门和策划部门想要去体现的——就是希望它的生态环境中包含更多的雷元素，有更多雷元素采集物去交互去互动。这种雷元素充沛的环境孕育出了不同色彩、不同明度的植被、树木，以及顺应环境而生的特殊采集物。比如蒙德有蒲公英、有风车菊，璃月有琉璃百合、有霓裳花，稻妻也有独属于自己、对应自己人文和地理的特色代表物。我们设计了一个叫做鸣草和一个叫做绯樱绣球，通过比较好看的植物融入雷元素主题的收集与解密当中。雷元素可以说是稻妻地理设计的底盘了，然后再进一步结合稻妻核心历史事件。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: In terms of geography, we first worked with the art and design teams to coordinate some adjustments. Taking the color corresponding to the region's element — similar to what we did for Liyue and Mondstadt — we had determined that the color representing Electro is purple and designed Inazuma building off this color. Inazuma is a region with distinctive features. This is what our design and planning departments want to reflect — they hope that its ecological environment contains more Electro with more Electro harvestable resources to interact with. This Electro-rich environment has given birth to different colors: vegetation, trees of different varieties, and special harvestable resources that are created in response to the environment. For example, there are Dandelions and Windwheel Asters in Mondstadt, and Liyue has Glaze Lilies and Silk Flowers — Inazuma also has distinct objects representative of its own culture and geography. We designed one called Naku Weed and another called Sakura Bloom. We used these nice-looking plants to integrate Electro in the collection and puzzle-solving aspects. The Electro element can be said to be the foundation of Inazuma's geographical design and further combining it with the core historical events of Inazuma.
我们又拓展出了一下符合设计规律的地貌构思和人文景点。比如我们有一座和天狗传说有关的山，叫作影向山；有供奉一颗很大的树，狐狸大树的鸣神大社；有一个和冶炼刀剑有关的踏鞴砂；以及雷神一刀劈开的无想刃狭间。通过这些区域设定，就是从之前所说的历史、地理和人文设计衍生而来的地形和景观，也是《原神》故事的一大载体。通过与环境结合，我们才能更好地把神与人的故事放到这个世界中。然后借着各种场景、关卡以及各方面的文本，尽量给大家带来更加立体的游戏体验。We have also developed a landscape concept and cultural attractions that confirm to the design rules. For example, we have Mt. Yougou, a mountain related to the legend of the "tengu"; The Grand Narukami Shrine, which enshrines a huge tree resembling a fox; Tatarasuna, a place related to the crafting of swords; and Musoujin Gorge, created by a slash of the Electro Archon. With these regional settings, the terrain and landscape derived from the historical, geographical, and cultural designs described earlier are also important vehicles for the storyline in Genshin Impact. By integrating story with the environment, we can better present the story of Gods and humans in this world and try to bring players a more immersive gaming experience through various scenes, levels, and text.
可以挑几个介绍介绍吗？比如鸣神大社？我对里面那棵巨大的神樱树很好奇。Dawei: Can you pick a few to introduce? Such as the Grand Narukami Shrine? I'm very curious about the huge Sacred Sakura inside.
神樱树的基础设定来自于神篱和神木信仰，它象征着雷神对于整个稻妻全境的庇护。不过这里其实可以进一步聊一下，神樱的参考原型并不只有樱树，而是一种叫做颤杨的植物。这个植物还挺有意思，它们位于地下的根系是紧密相连的，从外表上看是一大片森林，实际上它只是一棵树。从严格意义上来说，就只是一棵树，比较有意思。其实神樱也采用了类似的设计，这种自然存在的特殊生态应用到游戏中，再配合玩家实际进行游玩探索的体验，就会成为比较有特色又有实感的表现。那既然聊到神樱树和鸣神大社，可能就不得不提到两位角色，两位人物：雷电将军和八重神子。她们二位都是稻妻极为重要的角色，在一定程度上也象征着稻妻的人文设计内核。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: The design of the sacred Sacred Sakura [sic] is derived from the belief of Himorogi and sacred trees. It symbolizes the Electro Archon's protection over the entire nation of Inazuma. But I would like to elaborate: we didn't just reference Sakura Trees for the Sacred Sakura but also a tree called the "quaking aspen." This tree is actually quite interesting. Underground, the root systems of many trees are closely interlinked, so what looks like a large forest is in fact made up of just one tree. Strictly speaking, it is just one tree. I think that's quite interesting. In fact, the Sacred Sakura adopted a similar design. This special natural ecology is applied to the game and when it complements the player's actual in-game experience and exploring, it will manifest as more distinctive and realistic. Then, since we are on the topic of the Sacred Sakura and Grand Narukami Shrine, I must mention two characters: the Raiden Shogun and Yae Miko. Both of them are extremely important characters in Inazuma. To a certain extent, they also symbolize the core of cultural design in Inazuma.
说得我感觉现在就已经开始期待了，不知道还要等多久。对了，我想问下，还有跟雷电将军关联度比较大的地标吗？Dawei: Just listening already makes me very excited for Inazuma. I don't know how much longer I can wait. Oh yes, I want to ask: are there any other landmarks closely associated with the Raiden Shogun?
如果我们暂时不聊将军住所天守阁的话，稻妻有一道地理奇观，叫作「无想刃狭间」。我们觉得这个地点很有代表性，很代表雷电将军。它的诞生就与雷电将军息息相关。雷电将军曾在这里对上从海祇岛袭来的一条大蛇，为了斩杀对手，将军挥出雷霆万钧的一刀。由于威力太过强大，不光大蛇被当场斩断，整座岛屿也被连着劈成两半。如今到八酝岛还能看到上面有大蛇的遗骨，以及岛屿像被刀锋整齐地切开了一样，分为南北两边。这种奇观，在游戏里可以看到的，就是当年那场大战造成的景象。但大蛇惨败之后，它的遗恨弥留在人间，催生出了一种叫「祟神」的事物。因此，稻妻地区也衍生出了能够镇压祟神或能够利用祟神的迹象，继而诞生出相关联的人文历史，比如和矿业有关的晶化骨髓的开采，也就是大蛇相关的一些遗产的发掘，以及踏鞴砂的刀剑生产等等。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: If we don't talk about the Shogun's residence, Tenshukaku, for the time being, there is a geographical wonder in Inazuma called Musoujin Gorge. We feel that this location is very representative of the Raiden Shogun. Its existence is closely related to the Raiden Shogun. Here the Raiden Shogun once faced a large serpent that attacked from Watatsumi Island. To slay her opponent, the Raiden Shogun dealt a thunderous slash. But because her power was too strong, not only was the reat serpent severed on the spot, the whole island was cleaved into two. Now, you can still see the remains of the great serpent when you set foot on Yashiori Island, and the island is divided into north and south as if neatly sliced by a blade. This wondrous scene can be seen in the game — the result of that fierce battle in the past. But after the great serpent's tragic defeat, its grudge continues to linger. It has spawned something called Tatarigami. As a result, the Inazuma region has also developed a phenomena of suppressing the Tatarigami or exploiting the Tatarigami, from which is derived associated culture and history. For example: the mining of Crystal Marrow associated with the mining industry. That is, the excavation of a legacy related to the great serpent as well as the crafting of swords in Tatarasuna, etc.
设定层面上之所以把大蛇、祟神与踏鞴砂的冶炼相结合，也是源于一些神话传说中大蛇与原始炼铁有关的说法。The reason why the great serpent, Tatarigami, and the smelting at Tatarasuna are integrated in the design is also derived from some myths and legends that the great serpent is associated with primitive iron making.
感觉稻妻的设计里埋藏了非常多值得挖掘的线索。Dawei: It feels like there are a lot of clues buried in Inazuma's design that is worth exploring.
是的，希望玩家们能亲自踏上旅途，在探索过程中逐步体验这些稻妻的风土人情，进而更加深入提瓦特这个世界，获得更多的真相。同时也希望获得更多的乐趣。Xiao Luohao, Head of Creative Concept and Writing Team: Yes. We hope players will embark on the journey themselves and experience the customs of Inazuma step by step as they explore. Players can venture more deeply into the world of Teyvat, unearth more secrets, and also have a lot of fun in the process.
Scene Production[]
欢迎大家回到今天的2.0版本特别节目。我们已经从前面两位同学的分享中了解到了有关稻妻的一些设计思路和地区设定。那么在游戏中，我们又是如何把这些想法通过视觉艺术的表现手法制作成大家可以充分探索的场景呢？接下来请到的就是我们场景制作团队的美术同学Cissie。Dawei: Welcome back to today's Version 2.0 Special Program. From what our teammates have shared so far, we have learned a little about the design concepts and regional flavor of Inazuma. So in the game, how do we express these ideas using visual art and turn these into scenes that everyone can fully explore? Next, we have Cissie, an artist from our scene production team.
旅行者们好，我是负责稻妻地图的Cissie。特别高兴受到大伟哥的邀请来到今天的节目现场，为大家讲解一下稻妻这个新地区的一些场景设计理念。Cissie, Environment Art: Hello, Travelers. I'm Cissie, in charge of the map of Inazuma. It's my honor to be invited by Dawei to the show today to talk about some of the scene design concepts of the new area, Inazuma.
之前我们已经看到的一些稻妻的场景画面在视觉上给我带来了很强烈的震撼。那么Cissie，可不可以先跟我们描述一下稻妻地图的整体美术风格是什么样的呢？Dawei: We've seen some images of Inazuma's scenery before. In a visual sense, they made a powerful impression on me. So, Cissie, can you tell us more about the overall art style of the map of Inazuma?
在稻妻的整个地图中，我们精心加入了不少隐藏的设计和巧思。这些设计和巧思可能比较难用简单的语言来概括，但总体上来讲，我们想要传达给玩家的感受可以用日本作家谷崎润一郎的一句话来描述，就是：“美，不存在于物体当中，而是存在在物体与物体的阴翳的波纹和明暗之中。”谷崎润一郎的描述意味着将事物隐藏在隐约而模糊的光线之中，从而让想象去增强美感。这种手法是日本与西方空间设计最不同的地方。在稻妻地图中，我们追求的是闲寂、幽玄、静谧等词所表达的气氛。这种气氛会贯穿整个稻妻地图的体验，并且会逐步递进。Cissie, Environment Art: Actually, we have included a lot of hidden designs and unique details in the map of Inazuma. It can be difficult to summarize purely with words, but generally speaking, what we want to convey to the players this time perhaps can be summarized by a quote from the Japanese author, Jun'ichirou Tanizaki: "We find beauty not in the thing itself but in the patterns of shadows, the light and the darkness, that one thing against another creates." Jun'ichirou Tanizaki's quote means that objects are hidden within vague rays of light and to let one's imagination enhance beauty, this is the biggest difference between Japanese and Western spatial design. If the Western style of design is to present everything in the fullest detail, then the Japanese pursuit of tranquility, seclusion, and calmness is to express an atmosphere — and this atmosphere remains throughout players' experience of the map of Inazuma, and it will gradually progress.
稻妻是提瓦特七国中唯一一个完全位于海洋上的国家，因此稻妻的天气与蒙德和璃月的天朗气清有所不同。稻妻的地形是由海上的群岛组成，当旅行者置身于每个岛屿时，会感受到眼前景色随着光影的游走而快速变化，仿佛每一眼的景色稍不留意就会被海上的风吹走。我们试图通过空间和视觉上营造明暗交错的光影变化，来传达给玩家这种情绪上的感受。同时，稻妻深受雷元素的影响，因此在视觉表现上也具备一些与众不同的特点。雷元素和海岛是两个重要的设定背景，在这个基础上，稻妻的风貌和生态是建立在海岛的地质形态上进行推演的。在整个地图上，我们希望玩家从基础的山石中就能感受到雷元素对整个世界的影响。Inazuma is the only island nation among the seven nations of Teyvat, so Inazuma's climate is different from that of Mondstadt and Liyue where the sky is quite clear. Inazuma is geographically located in an archipelago. No matter which island Travelers are in, they can feel the scenery changing rapidly in front of their eyes as the light and shadow flows, as if the scenery can be blown away by the sea breeze if you're not paying attention. We try to convey these emotions to our players by manipulating space and perception, to create a shift between light and shadow. At the same time, Inazuma is also an area deeply impacted by the Electro element. So visually speaking, it will have its own unique characteristics. Under the two primary contexts of being Electro-influenced and being an island nation, Inazuma's scenery and ecology are created based on the geographical formation of islands. On this map. we want our players to feel the impact of the Electro element on the entire area through the mountains and rocks.
并且我们还想要制作一些非常特别的并且有辨识度的结构。于是我们试图从真实世界的自然奇观里面汲取灵感。最后我们将日本的屏风浦悬崖作为设计的锚点。这个有“东方多佛悬崖”之称的地方有着独特的地质结构。它的纹理都是横向生长的，而且有一些海上的小岛甚至就像是横着插进了水面当中，非常不稳定。跟我们想要表现雷元素对地形的影响的感觉非常相似的。于是寻着这个锚点，我们将横纹的语言进行了提炼并且重构，把这些斜向的纹理和结构刻画在每一块山石上面，然后在拼接方式上把这些纹理又重新地组合起来，组成了现在看到的这种“交错线条”的方案。Also, we wanted to create some very unique and recognizable structures, so we tried to get inspiration from the natural wonders of the real world. Lastly, we used the Byoubugaura Cliffs in Japan as the focus of the design. This place, known as the "Dover of the Orient," has a very unique geological structure: the rock grains are horizontal, and there are some small islands in the sea that look as though they plunged into the water horizontally, which seems very unstable. It's very similar to what we want to convey in terms of the Electro influence on the landscape. So based on this point, we refined and reconstructed these horizontal grains. We depicted these oblique grains and structures on every surface of the rocks and mountains and then we reintegrated the grains in the form of a collage which forms the "intersected lines" that we see.
原来雷元素对地形的影响是通过这种方式表现出来的吗？感觉真的很新奇。Dawei: So that's how you demonstrate the Electro element's impact on the terrain? It's really innovative.
是的，但是同时我们也遇到了一个很大的挑战，就是如何在不破坏原有的自然生态的情况下，让玩家能够有更大的探索的空间去感知雷元素影响下的这些奇特生态？后来我们想到，如果我们把整个岛看成是一个更加立体的上下结构的空间，然后让玩家通过一些秘密的地方、通道找到这些地方，就像《千与千寻》里面她通过长长的隧道到达了一个异世界，像《龙猫》里那样通过自家后院的篱笆掉进了龙猫的洞穴，这样会不会更有意思一点？有了这样的想法，在得到IP和策划同学们的鼓励和肯定以后，我们就开始了漫长的挖洞之旅。Cissie, Environment Art: Yes. But at the same time, we also came across a big challenge which is, how do we provide a way for the players to explore and experience this interesting ecology under the influence of the Electro element without destroying the original natural ecology? Later, we figured that if we see the entire island as a more three-dimensional space with upper and lower structures. Then, players can find these locations through secret places and channels — just like in "Spirited Away," how Chihiro reaches another world through a long tunnel or like in "My Neighbor Totoro," how Mei falls into Totoro's cave from the fence in her backyard. This would make it more interesting, right? Once we established this idea, with the encouragement and recognition from our colleagues from the Creative Concept and Writing and Planning teams, we started a long journey of realizing our concepts.
我们把雷元素影响产生了异变的神樱树根系缠绕在鸟居上，用特殊造型的发着光的紫色灌木去照亮这些黑暗的洞穴。我们想从形态和颜色上去表现雷元素的奇幻感。如果你想要一探这些奥秘，你就可以在村子里找到一些钥匙，从村子里的枯井跳下去，或者是从海边的礁石间钻进去，又或者是从守护之森隐蔽的小洞找到这些，暗藏在平凡事物之下的宝藏空间。这里到处都会弥漫着一股危险的气息，和地面上那种安静、美好的画面形成了巨大的视觉反差。We placed the Sacred Sakura roots, which have mutated under the influence of Electro, around the torii gate and lit up these dark caves with special-shaped glowing purple shrubs. We want to show the wonders of the Electro element using form and color. If you want to explore certain mysteries, you can find keys in the village, jump into the dry well in the village, squeeze in between the rocks by the sea, or find treasures hidden under ordinary items in an obscure little cave inside Shugo Forest. There is a sense of danger everywhere here. Visually, there is a strong contrast from the places above ground, which are tranquil and beautiful.
稻妻还有一个非常具有奇幻色彩的地点——神无冢·踏鞴砂。这个地方是一个大型的人文历史和自然风光相结合的地方。刚才IP同学也提到了，雷电将军跟大蛇战斗后留下的祟神残渣就是被封锁在这个岛上的。以残渣为核心的能量它会将周围的山石聚集起来，在画面中心形成了一个巨大的视觉中心点。而稻妻最大的冶炼设施「御影炉心」便位于此处。为了进一步强化这股能量的视觉表现，我们就将周围的牵引的木栈道全部向中间聚拢的方式，去和中间的炉心做呼应跟衔接。然后将内部的空间晕染成紫色，在环境中增加了飞沙走石和忽明忽暗的闪电的特效，尽可能的去表现这种危险感和神秘感。There's also a place in Inazuma that's full of magical wonder which is Tatarasuna, Kannazuka. It is a great place where human history meets natural wonder. Just now, our colleague mentioned the battle between the Raiden Shogun and the great serpent after which the remains of the Tatarigami were sealed on this island. With the remains as the core, the energy can gather the surrounding rock which forms a huge visual center in the middle of the scene. Mikage Furnace, the largest smelting facility in Inazuma, is located here. To further enhance the visual depiction of this energy, we directed the surrounding plankways towards the middle to connect with the furnace in the center. Next, we enveloped the inner space in purple and added special effects of flying sand and flickering lightning to the environment to express a sense of danger and mystery.
这里也是和一个大型的大世界主题任务「踏鞴物语」有着很强的关联。在没有解锁相关任务之前，这里的外部会笼罩着一个巨大的类似电波纹的能量罩，稍微接近一点点都会感受到内部强烈的能量的涌动。It is also closely related to "Tatara Tales," a large-scale open world themed quest. Before unlocking relevant quests, there will be a huge energy shield that looks like an electric wave on the outskirts. You can feel the strong surge of energy inside by just getting a little closer.
说起来，场景里的这些花花草草，好像也跟之前的地区非常的不一样。Dawei: Now that you mention it, I realize that the flowers and plants in this scene are very different from those in the previous areas.
是的，关于稻妻的植被，是基于前期雷元素对应色。我们和IP大佬敲定用紫色系来营造雷元素的影响区域，而没有受到影响的普通区域我们就保留了吉卜力动画经典的植被配色，是一种冷调下各种绿色的融合。淡蓝色的喜林草和深蓝色的风信子构成了稻妻最基础的生态，它串联着每一片平原和滩涂。芦苇则在关口、河滩、还有山坡上旺盛的生长。Cissie, Environment Art: That's right. As for the vegetation of Inazuma, its color corresponds with that of the Electro element. Our team discussed with the Creative Concept and Writing Team, and decided to use purple shades to depict areas that are affected by the Electro element. For normal areas that are not affected, we tried to pay homage to the classic vegetation colors of Ghibli animation. It's a fusion of different shades of cool green. The light-blue "baby blue eyes" and the dark blue hyacinths constitute the basic ecology of Inazuma. It connects every plain and swamp and reeds grow vigorously in the mountain passes, river banks, and on hills.
当夏日来临，稻妻的人民就可以坐在樱花盛开的甘金岛上远远地看着烟火，在稻妻城的上空绚丽地绽放。城里的樱花被烟火照得通透无比，倒影在海边的点点花火寄托了我们对一切美好事物的遐想。In summer, people sit on Amakane Island, where the sakura blossoms bloom, and watch the fireworks in the distance, lighting up the sky of Inazuma. The sakura blossoms in the city are illuminated by fireworks. The reflection of fireworks on the sea's surface inspires us to imagine beautiful things.
从Cissie的描述里，我能深切地感受一个创作者对自己的作品的热爱。不知道稻妻的这么多美景，给你留下印象最深的是哪一处呢？Dawei: From Cissie's description, I can feel a creator's passion for her works. I didn't know there are so many beautiful scenes in Inazuma. Which one left the deepest impression on you?
这个还真的挺不容易回答的。大伟哥，你刚刚问我的时候，我其实脑海当中已经有了一些画面了。比如飘渺的薄雾和风吹落的枫树叶掩映着离岛的建筑，萧瑟的气氛笼罩着这个港口小镇。模糊的光线中你可以看到有人群在走动、攀谈。平原上的小溪旁边安静地坐落着几户淳朴的民居。回头望去，鸟居从遮天蔽日的大树当中探出头来。如果你恰巧发现了草丛中的狸猫，你就可以跟随着它一路拾级而上，穿过一片水汽弥漫的森林，便来到了被绯樱绣球簇拥着的神里绫华的家了。Cissie, Environment Art: This is a very hard question to answer. When you asked me just now, I had some images in my mind like a misty landscape and maple leaves blowing in the wind, with buildings on Ritou's shore. The port city is engulfed in a gloomy atmosphere and in the dim light, you can see people walking and talking. A few simple houses sit quietly beside a stream on the plain. When you look back, the top of a torii gate peeks out from among massive trees. If you happen to find a tanuki in the grass, you can follow it all the way up a misty forest. You'll then arrive at the home of Kamisato Ayaka which is surrounded by sakura blooms.
画面感真的好强啊。Dawei: I can already see the images in front of me.
如果从稻妻的建筑来讲的话，我最喜欢逛的一处就是神里家的府邸了。穿过光线透过的回廊，坐在绫华大小姐的茶室中，旅行者们可以通过半敞开的结构看见绿枝掩映的坪庭。而远处的稻妻城和天守阁在樱花的簇拥下若隐若现。阳光透过厚厚的云层照在天守的房顶，咫尺画堂。这许多与东方审美相似的地方的描写也会一次又一次地带给我心灵上的震撼。Cissie, Environment Art: In terms of the architecture of Inazuma, my favorite would be the Kamisato Clan estate. Through the corridor with light passing through, as you sit in Miss Ayaka's tea room, Travelers can see the terrace framed by green branches through the semi-open structure. In the distance, Inazuma City and Tenshukaku can be seen faintly through the sakura blossoms. Through the thick clouds, the sun shines on the roof of Tenshukaku, like a painting in front of your eyes. The depiction of all these places with Eastern aesthetics never fails to impress me no matter how many times I see them.
接下来的版本中还会有更多具有奇幻色彩的场景。比如有鲜明的异国特色的，地貌更奇特、色彩更梦幻的海祇岛；然后被恒常的雷暴所覆盖的，无比壮观的清籁岛；还有长年无人踏足的鹤观，那里凋零的枯枝和形似雷鸟羽毛的植被无处不在；以及在稻妻海平面之下最大的地下空间，那里有着更多奇特的风貌和植物等你去探险。作为场景的创作者，我们也在期待着在新的区域将新鲜而有趣的体验带给所有的旅行者们。There will be more wonderful scenes in the coming version. For example, Watatsumi Island with its distinctive and unique characteristics, peculiar landscape, and dreamy colors; and the magnificent Seirai Island which is constantly enshrouded by thunderstorms; Tsurumi Island, abandoned for many years, covered in withered branches and vegetation that looks like Thunderbird feathers; and the largest underground space below sea level in Inazuma... there are are more unique landscapes and plants waiting for you to explore. As the landscape creators, we are also looking forward to creating more new areas and giving a fresh and interesting experience to all Travelers.
Soundtrack[]
See also: Realm of Tranquil Eternity/Background
非常感谢Cissie带来的精彩的分享。除了迷人的风景，《原神》的音乐也是旅行者朋友们一直非常关心的部分。在正式进入2.0版本之前，我们对《原神》1.0版本的音乐做了一次回顾。许多好听的音乐，比如旅行者与「公子」、与若陀龙王交手时的战斗音乐，以及出现在《足迹》《我们终将重逢》等经典PV中的音乐……都将收录在这张全新专辑《珍珠之歌》中，一起来看看吧。当然，备受大家关注的2.0版本的稻妻地区音乐，目前也在有序的制作当中。接下来，还是请《原神》的音乐制作人、HOYO-MiX团队的陈致逸来向我们做个简单的介绍吧。Dawei: Thank you very much for your wonderful presentation, Cissie. Besides the beautiful scenery, Genshin Impact's music is also something that Travelers enjoy. Before officially entering Version 2.0, we reviewed the soundtrack of Genshin Impact Version 1.0. Many great tracks, like the one during the battle with "Childe" and the battle with Azhdaha, and the music that appears in our trailers like "Travail" and "We Will Be Reunited" will all be included in this new album "The Shimmering Voyage," let's take a look. Of course, the much-anticipated Inazuma soundtrack of Version 2.0 is also in production. Next up, we have Yu-Peng Chen of the HOYO-MiX team, the Composer and Producer of Genshin Impact soundtracks to give us a brief introduction.
谢谢大伟哥！旅行者们大家好！很高兴在这里和大家提前分享一些稻妻音乐制作的情况。《原神》是一款基于开放世界的冒险游戏，在不同风格的区域都需要与之相匹配的音乐语言。我们也一直致力于在全世界范围内汲取音乐元素的灵感。前两次，我们邀请到伦敦爱乐乐团录制了蒙德音乐，邀请到上海交响乐团录制了璃月地区的音乐。这一次，我们又邀请到了日本的东京爱乐乐团，携手传统乐器的艺人，同样以录制真人演奏的方式为大家带来稻妻地区的音乐。Yu-Peng Chen, Music Producer: Thank you, Dawei! Hello, Travelers! I'm excited to share some details about the production of Inazuma's soundtrack. Genshin Impact is an open-world adventure game. Different soundtracks are required to match different locations. We take a lot of inspiration from music around the world. We had the London Philharmonic Orchestra record the soundtrack for Mondstadt. Then, we had the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra record the music for Liyue. For Inazuma, we approached the Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra in collaboration with traditional-instrument musicians, once again to give a live performance to create the music of Inazuma.
相信2.0的稻妻音乐将会带给大家和蒙德音乐、璃月音乐都不同的感受。陈老师，还能给大家透露一点稻妻音乐录制的消息吗？Dawei: I'm sure the Inazuma soundtrack in Version 2.0 will give you a different experience from the music of Mondstadt and Liyue. Mr. Chen, can you give us an update on the recording of the Inazuma soundtracks?
最好的体验方式，自然是等到大家进入到稻妻，在游戏场景中亲身去感受音乐。在这里，我就先给大家分享一些稻妻音乐制作的信息。在设计稻妻音乐的时候，除了管弦乐以外，我还加入了一些传统乐器，如尺八、三味线、太鼓、还有日本筝等等。借用了颇具日本特色的人声吟唱的声线。比较特殊的是，受疫情影响，我们这一次采用了线上实时沟通的方式，在长达一个多月的时间里反复地打磨。我隔着屏幕和现场的日本音乐家沟通，争分夺秒地核对旋律、调整乐器，克服了许许多多的困难，最终合作出了双方都满意的效果。希望大家进入2.0版本以后也能喜欢稻妻的音乐。Yu-Peng Chen, Music Producer: The best way to experience it is to wait until you can visit Inazuma and feel the music in the game. Here, I will share some information about the music production of Inazuma with you: when designing Inazuma's music, we added several traditional musical instruments in addition to classical orchestral music such as Shakuhachi, Shamisen, Taiko, Koto, etc. We used characteristic Japanese vocal singing. Due to the impact of the global pandemic, this time, we communicated online in real-time. For over a month, back and forth I liaised with the Japanese musicians remotely to review the melody and set the musical instruments. We overcame many difficulties, and achieved satisfactory results through this collaboration. I hope everyone will enjoy the music of Inazuma after entering Version 2.0.
OverviewCultureHistoryDesignGallery
See also: Timeline
A timeline of historical events in the Inazuma region.
References are provided as much as possible. Notes expand on the deduction and reasoning used to draw certain conclusions, which can be read either by hovering over (desktop-only) or clicking on the note. Some specific types of notes found on the page:
Lore Discrepancy: When information provided in the game is self-contradictory, retroactively changed, or contradicts information from outside media (such as the manga), it is considered a lore discrepancy. This is different from a translation discrepancy, in which information is contradictory or misleading due to inaccuracies in localization. In the case of a lore discrepancy between in-game information and outside media, the in-game information always takes priority.
Translation Note: Used when the original Chinese text and then official English localization do not match, or if something is clearer in Chinese. In the case of a translation discrepancy, the original Chinese text always takes priority.
Assumptions: To make sense of the lore — which the miHoYo writers often deliberately obscure by withholding critical information until later versions, giving contradictory evidence, and scattering information across various item sets — editors will sometimes make assumptions to determine the order of events or connect pieces of lore together. However, they may be obsoleted and proven incorrect by new lore and story. These notes serve as a disclaimer, and expand on the editors' reasoning for their conclusions.
If you have any proposed changes for the timeline, please leave a comment and cite your evidence.
Contents
1 The First Era
2 The Great War
2.1 Enkanomiya
2.2 Tsurumi Island
3 The Interim Period
4 The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)
4.1 Tsurumi Island (The Archon War)
5 Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)
6 Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)
7 The Cataclysm (500 years ago)
8 Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)
9 Recent Past (<100 years ago)
10 Present (The Traveler's intervention)
11 Notes
11.1 Lore Discrepancies
11.2 Translation Notes
11.3 Editors' Assumptions
12 References
13 Navigation
The First Era[]
Main article: Timeline § The First Era
The term "first era" is derived from The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria.
400 years after the Heavenly Principles appeared ― The region of Enkanomiya was part of the single, unified human civilization which spanned the whole world.[1][2]
A civilization in Tsurumi Island was built and had connection with Celestia. A similar civilization was found beneath Seirai Island.
In the area that is now north of Mt. Yougou, Narukami Island, a kingdom built on sand had a foolish ruler who wanted to build a high garden in honor of the white sakura tree. The kingdom was swept away by floods.[3]
A great flood ravaged the land, leaving only a few islands left.[4] These islands are likely Narukami Island, Kannazuka, Yashiori Island, Seirai Island, and Tsurumi Island. (Watatsumi Island was created by Orobashi towards the end of the Archon War, and therefore does not exist yet.[5])
The Great War[]
Main article: Timeline § The Great War
The term "great war" is derived from Neuvillette's Vision Character Story, which refers to a "great war of vengeance" which badly wounded the Heavenly Principles.
Second Throne of the Heavens ― The war between the Heavenly Principles and the Second Who Came ravages the heavens and earth. Enkanomiya falls into the depths of the ocean and is severed from the surface world.[1][6]
Enkanomiya[]
The people of Enkanomiya clash with the Dragonheir of the Depths, vishaps who fled into the ocean depths after the Heavenly Principles defeated the Seven Sovereigns of the old world. Because there was no light in the ocean depths, the vishaps had a great advantage.[1]
Istaroth, the undying wind and presumably one of the Heavenly Principles's four shining shades, is the only one who does not forsake the people of Enkanomiya,[1] as they are able to detect her undying wind from the depths of the ocean.
The sage Aberaku (originally known as Abrax) builds the Dainichi Mikoshi (which he dubbed "Helios"), creating artificial light to drive away the vishaps. It is believed that Istaroth granted Abrax wisdom.[1][7]
1 year after the Dainichi Mikoshi's construction ― People attempt to find the way back to the surface, but are unable to. They interpret this as a ban from the Heavenly Principles, and that meant the Heavenly Principles had defeated the Second Who Came.[1][7]
? years ago ― A cabal of corrupt nobles[8] manipulates the people of Enkanomiya into worshipping the Dainichi Mikoshi as a god, and chose a child to be the Sunchild and rule over the land.[9] The Sunchildren were puppet rulers controlled by these nobles. Abrax, and later Spartacus (Supada no Hiko), opposed the corrupted nobles only to be imprisoned by the Sunchildren.[1][8]
Tsurumi Island[]
? years ago ― The civilization on Tsurumi Island comes to an end through unknown means.
? years ago ― An eagle known as the Thunderbird spots a fog-covered Tsurumi Island and decides to make its home there. At some point, objects fall from the heavens — possibly the Divine Nail[Assumption 1] —, one of which lands on Tsurumi Island. This temporarily clears up the fog, only for the fog to return in even greater force later.[10]
Humans on the island begin gathering the Thunderbird's shed feathers and worship it, but the bird does not think much of them. The people learned to use Maushiro to locate each other amidst the fog, and they feared and worshipped the eagle. However, the Thunderbird paid them no heed, seeing them as no different from other animals.[10]
The Interim Period[]
Main article: Timeline § The Interim Period
While not formally established as its own period in time, Liyue lore indicates there was a stretch of peacetime between the Great War and the Archon War. 
? years ago ― The Tanuki, creatures native to Inazuma, evolve and gain sentience. The Kitsune immigrate from mainland Teyvat and attempt to colonize the islands, instigating a war between the Tanuki and Kitsune over control of Inazuma.[11][Note 1]
1600 years later ― The Tanuki-Kitsune War finally comes to an end after 1600 years of fighting after negotiating a truce. The Tanuki refuse to admit a loss in the war but cede the "giant Thunder Sakura" (likely the Sacred Sakura) to the Kitsune. Over the course of the war, the tanuki and kitsune's constant transformations and trickery lead members of both groups to become confused on their original identities and allegiances; this resulted in the emergence of humans.[11]
The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)[]
~2000 years ago ― The twin gods Raiden Makoto (Baal) and Raiden Ei (Beelzebul) slay all other gods in the Inazuma region. Ei, although the stronger fighter, believed Makoto to be better-suited for the role of Archon and sacrifices her body so Makoto can ascend to Celestia. Makoto becomes the first Electro Archon, the God of Eternity[12][Note 2][Lore Discrepancy 1]
Makoto uses her new powers to recall Ei's divine will and reforge her body. Ei becomes her kagemusha (body double),[12][13] and most people in Teyvat gain the impression that there was only one god, Baal (also referred to as the Narukami Ogosho, Raiden Shogun).[Note 3]
~2000 years ago[Assumption 2] ― Orobashi flees from an unknown region to the nation of Byakuyakoku, specifically The Serpent's Bowels. It stayed there for a while until a child from the underground nation found it and asked it to become their gods. Together they fought the Sunchild's reign and came out victorious,[7][14] after which it became known as "Orobashi no Mikoto" and the "Watatsumi Omikami" (Great God of the Oceans).[15]
It is supposed that the ban placed by the Heavenly Principles must have been weakened to allow Orobashi to fall to Byakuyakoku.[6]
Orobashi supposedly stayed with the people for a while before leading them back to the surface. It used its power to bolster the Dainichi Mikoshi to have stronger light, and eliminate the threat of the Dragonheirs of the Depths.[7][16] It also supervised the research of the Dragonheirs, now called Bathysmal Vishaps.[17]
The Divine Priestess was chosen among the sea-daughters who collected pearls,[18] and was likely the origin of the Sangonomiya Clan. Other clans like the Yuna Clan also originated from Enkanomiya.
Orobashi had its people adapted to Narukami Island's language and culture to be prepared for a new life above the sea.[17]
Orobashi creates Watatsumi Island out of the coral that grew from its body, allowing them to live above the surface once more as part of the Inazuma archipelago.[5]
On the last day of Enkanomiya before the people relocated above the sea, envoys from Khaenri'ah along with a Ruin Guard came and stole the book Before Sun and Moon, a book that Orobashi personally placed a ban. Antei fought them and prevented the loss of the book, but was also critical injured.[19]
Orobashi's people call this land Sangonomiya, and themselves the Sangonomiya Clan. They begin calling Byakuyakoku, "Enkanomiya," to contrast it with Sangonomiya.[14]
? years ago ― The Kitsune Saiguu is born in the Hakushin Lands.[20][Assumption 3]
The Kitsune Saiguu and the bake-danuki Ioroi often compete with each other. One day, Saiguu decides to trick both Ioroi and Baal at the same time: she challenges Ioroi to pluck a Naku Weed from the Tenshukaku gardens. When Baal catches him in the act and nearly kills him for it, Saiguu comes to his rescue and persuades Baal into not only sparing him, but also putting him under her command as the Hidden Protector of the Grove, the protector of Chinju Forest.[21][22]
? years ago ― The Sacred Sakura grows from "her" body after "her" death;[23] at this point, the tree does not have a fox-like appearance.[24]
Above is the knowledge of people (excluded Ei) who lived before and in the cataclysm. The true Sacred Sakura was not planted until the present.[25]
A ritual involving the worship of both the Raiden Shogun and Orobashi is developed. This ritual must be performed before starting any other ritual. The Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual is also developed at some point, presumably after the aforementioned ritual.[26]
The Thunder Sakura are planted across Narukami Island, using branches of the Sacred Sakura and parts of the Electro Archon's own spirit, to absorb filth from the land.[26][27][28]
~2000 years ago[Assumption 2] ― After Watatsumi Island's infertile land leads to years of famine and disease, Orobashi reluctantly agrees to the Watatsumi people's plan to invade and conquer part of Yashiori Island. A brutal war erupts between Watatsumi and the Narukami Shogunate, led by Ei, which ends with Orobashi slain and Watatsumi's major figures either dead or Missing in Action.[29]
Major figures on the Narukami side, not including Ei:
The Great Tengu Sasayuri, Ei's lieutenant. He is slain during battle, likely against Akuou, who had sought a "joyful" duel against him.
Major figures on the Watatsumi side, not including Orobashi:
The shrine maiden Mouun was particularly skilled in the Yuna Clan's whale-songs and employed the aid of a massive whale. She taught Akuou and was close to him. During the war, she and her whales were ambushed and killed by Sasayuri's subordinates, and their bodies were taken away by the Shogunate.[30]
"Umigozen" Ayame, Mouun's twin sister. She was the general of the Watatsumi navy, and disappeared in the midst of battle with her fate left unconfirmed.[30]
The "Viceroy of the East" Akuou, also known as Touzannou, was found as an orphan and taken in by Orobashi, and later trained under Mouun. He conquered one of the mountains on Yashiori Island, which the Watatsumi people called "Touzan" (Eastern Mountain), and built the Formation Estate on top of it. He was ultimately slain alongside Orobashi when Ei used her ultimate technique, Musou no Hitotachi.[31][32][33]
Some believe that Orobashi participated in this war, despite oracles of its inevitable failure, due to an order from Celestia.[29]
It was revealed that since Orobashi had contacted with the people of Enkanomiya, both Orobashi and Watatsumi as a whole were found guilty of four counts of profanity and eight counts of deceiving living souls. Orobashi was allowed to take all of their transgressions on itself and sacrifice itself so its people would be spared and taken under the rule of Celestia once again.[2]
The Tatarigami supposedly spawned after the death of Orobashi in Yashiori Island. Ei created wards called Narukami Pillar to suppress the soul of Orobashi, hence subduing the Tatarigami, while the Yashiori Guardians led by the Kitain Clan also took up the mantle of suppressing the Tatarigami.[34][35][36]
Tsurumi Island (The Archon War)[]
<2,600 years ago[Assumption 4] ― Ruu is born among the people of Tsurumi Island and makes preparations to participate in the rituals to the Thunderbird. While practicing his singing, the Thunderbird overhears him and is captivated by the sound of his song. Ruu attempted to befriend the god and give her the name "Kanna Kapatcir," as the Thunderbird had forgotten her own name. They promised to meet each other again in the future.[10]
However, as the situation on the island worsened and many islanders left only to never return — which people took as a sign that they had died, when in actuality they had settled onto the other islands of Inazuma — Ruu volunteered to be sacrificed, believing this would please the Thunderbird and bring the missing people back. Instead, she becomes enraged upon witnessing his death, viewing his sacrifice as the killing of innocents and a promise broken, and retaliates by destroying the area and killing the entire tribe. To hear Ruu's singing again, she uses her powers to cause a ley line disorder, resulting in the entire island continuously reliving its day of destruction.[10][37] Afterward, the Thunderbird flies over to Seirai Island.[10]
After Orobashi's death[Assumption 5] ― Kanna Kapatcir was hunted down and killed as a "monster"[37] at Seirai Island by Raiden Ei, who viewed the Thunderbird as an "obstacle to progress."[24] The remnants of her power were sealed at Asase Shrine, where they formed a coagulation of regret known as the Thunder Manifestation.[38] Wards are set up across the island, including one at Asase Shrine, to keep the Thunderbird's power at bay.[10][39]
Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)[]
? years ago ― The unnamed author of New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune is born in the Hakushin Lands.[40][Assumption 6]
? years ago ― The Kitsune Saiguu moves from the Hakushin Lands to the Grand Narukami Shrine.[20]
At some point in time, the Kitsune Saiguu defeats the Great Tengu in a race, and the Great Tengu becomes her bodyguard thereafter.[21]
? years ago ― The kitsune Yae Miko is born in the Hakushin Lands.[Assumption 6] She eventually moves to Grand Narukami Shrine out of admiration for the Kitsune Saiguu.[20]
Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)[]
? years ago ― Mikoshi Nagamasa is adopted into the Mikoshi Clan by the oni Mikoshi Chiyo.[41]
? years ago ― Asase Hibiki moves from the Asase Shrine to the Grand Narukami Shrine to receive training.[42]
Asase Hibiki, Mikoshi Nagamasa, and Kamuna Harunosuke receive training from the Yougou Tengu and thereafter become known as "The Yougou Three."[43] Hibiki learns "true magic" from the Tengu.[44]
? years ago ― Takamine the Mistsplitter challenges the Great Tengu to a duel, which ends in a tie. In exchange for the Tengu's bow, Thundering Pulse, Takamine becomes her servant for several years and resides in the Grand Narukami Shrine. He learns some of their archery and swordsmanship and becomes a renowned swordsman himself.[45] Feeling that his archery skills were going to waste, he teaches Hibiki his techniques.[42][46]
? years ago ― The kitsune Urakusai writes the original Chronicles of the Six Kitsune.[40]
~500 years ago ― Urakusai does something that greatly angers the Kitsune Saiguu, leading her to banish him. What he did is no longer clear, but it may relate to the Abyss' invasion of Teyvat during the cataclysm.[20]
After Urakusai's banishment, the Kitsune Saiguu moves from the Grand Narukami Shrine to Tenshukaku in preparation for the Abyss' attack.[20]
The Cataclysm (500 years ago)[]
Main article: Cataclysm
Monsters from the Abyss invade the aboveground world of Teyvat, causing widespread devastation.[47]
The people of Teyvat attribute the creation of these monsters to a "great sinner," Gold,[47][48] also known as Albedo's master and mother Rhinedottir.[49] Her creations, the Alfisol were the advance guard for the monsters from the Abyss[50]
The Kingdom of Khaenri'ah is destroyed by the Heavenly Principles,[24] causing the fall of the Eclipse Dynasty and the entire civilization.[48] Khaenri'ah's destruction causes a devastating ripple effect.[51]
The Seven become involved in Khaenri'ah after the Abyss' invasion of Teyvat.[24][Assumption 7]
Takamine the Mistsplitter and Mikoshi Chiyo are among those who campaigned alongside Ei (acting as the Raiden Shogun) against the dark forces that emerged during the cataclysm.[42][52]
Takamine is eventually overwhelmed by the monsters and disappears, despite his determination to return to Asase Hibiki's side.[53]
Chiyo is swallowed whole by a "beast of sin" with a tiger's body and a snake's head. Though she manages to tear the beast apart from the inside out, she is stained by its deep sin.[54]
? years ago ― Chiyo turns her blade on Ei, only to be defeated and driven away. This betrayal tarnishes the Mikoshi Clan's reputation.[54]
Over time, the tale of "Chiyo the Tiger-Bite" would evolve into that of Torachiyo, a male lieutenant of Baal's.[52][55][Lore Discrepancy 2]
? years ago ― The Kitsune Saiguu is consumed by the dark forces and most of her memories are dissolved into filth.[21] The uncorrupted remains of her memories eventually manifest as Hanachirusato.[56]
During Khaenri'ah's destruction ― Makoto leaves Ei behind to defend Inazuma, and Makoto alone goes to Khaenri'ah, where she is slain.[24][25]
When Ei arrives to Khaenri'ah, she finds Makoto dying in her arm. She enters Makoto's mind and hears Makoto's last word. Ei decides to save Makoto's realm of consciousness and bring it back to Inazuma.[57]
When Ei returns to Inazuma, she finds that the Sacred Sakura miraculously appears at the top of Mt. Yougou, although according to everyone else, the Sacred Sakura has existed for ages. Ei eventually accepts that the tree is the result of the miracle surrounding Makoto's consciousness while also surmising its sudden growth was the work of Istaroth, one of the Four Shades.[57]
The Sacred Sakura's power help Ei to overcome the monsters and quell the disaster in Inazuma.[57]
Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)[]
After the cataclysm ― Ei officially takes up the position of Electro Archon after Makoto's death. As she was Makoto's kagemusha and adopted Makoto's titles as her own, most are unaware of the original Archon's death.[58][59]
Disillusioned with Celestia after witnessing the events at Khaenri'ah,[13][58] and in her grief on the losses she sustained over the course of the cataclysm, Ei decides to attain "eternity" by creating a puppet in her likeness. She first experiments with the technology and creates her first prototype, which takes the form of a young male vessel.[58] After seeing him shed tears after his creation, Ei decides he is too delicate to handle the Gnosis and instead seals his powers and leaves him to live his own life. Now armed with the knowledge of how to create puppets, she makes several other failed products before abandoning her quest to create a new vessel to house the Gnosis entirely.[60]
~400 years ago ― Ei ultimately creates a puppet known simply as "the Shogun," intended to rule Inazuma based on the guidelines for "eternity" she had set. After giving the Shogun the relevant information about herself, Ei discards her physical form to enter the Plane of Euthymia, in which she will meditate for all eternity to stave off erosion.[61][62] Before entering the Plane of Euthymia, she gives her Gnosis to Yae Miko.[58]
The Yougou Three part ways, never to reunite:[43]
Asase Hibiki returns to the Asase Shrine on Seirai Island. She eventually becomes involved in Ako Domeki's rebellion against the Inazuma Shogunate (continue reading below for details).
Kamuna Harunosuke leaves for Liyue to pursue the "more powerful 'way of the adepti.'"[21][43]
Mikoshi Nagamasa, to restore the name of the Mikoshi Clan after Mikoshi Chiyo turned her blade on Ei, joins the Shogunate and becomes an Inspector at Tatarasuna.[41][42]
Mikoshi Michihiro, Chiyo's biological son, goes into seclusion in the forests near Konda Village out of shame over his mother's actions.[46]
The Great Tengu, enraged at her own inability to protect the Kitsune Saiguu, departs from the mortal realm and leaves behind her daughter, Teruyo.[42]
? years ago ― Michihiro meets Teruyo when she finds him in the forest. She bestows him with the name "Iwakura," and he is thereafter known as "Iwakura Michihiro."[46]
13 years later ― During their tenth duel, Michihiro finally catches Teruyo. Teruyo gives him the title "Tengu Victor" and decides to disappear from his life to focus on her responsibilities to her clan.[46]
? years ago ― Takamine the Mistsplitter somehow emerges from the Abyss after disappearing from Teyvat for many years. He encounters Asase Hibiki, whom he still recognizes, but she immediately kills him.[45]
? years ago ― The pirate Ako Domeki Zaemon of Seirai Island leads a rebellion against the Shogunate. Hibiki, who is reminded of Takamine when she sees him, decides to assist his cause and later uses the magic she learned from the Tengu to release the seals over Seirai Island. This releases the lingering hatred of the Thunderbird,[44] whose power — manifesting as a massive Electro storm at the center of the island — fragmented Seirai island and swept both the Shogunate and Ako Domeki's ships far from the island.
The Shogunate evacuates the people of Seirai Island and moves them to Narukami Island. Although the area immediately surrounding Asase Shrine is unaffected by the Thunderbird's hatred, the shrine is left abandoned save for Neko and the other cats residing there.
Iwakura Michihiro develops the Iwakura Art sword style and becomes the sword instructor for the Kujou Clan, receiving the title "Douin."[46][63][Assumption 8]
After Michihiro develops the Tengu Sweeper techniques, a series of Maguu Kenki puppets modeled after his fighting style and memories are created.[64]
? years ago, after the creation of Maguu Kenki ― Ako Domeki defeats a Maguu Kenki doll and steals it for himself.[65] The ship carrying it, however, somehow gets lost and becomes shipwrecked on the Golden Apple Archipelago.[66] While the sailors eventually manage to escape the archipelago alongside the original islanders, the puppet is left behind.
? years ago ― Ioroi, having been tricked by the Kitsune Saiguu into staying away from the conflicts of the cataclysm, believes her to still be playing hide-and-seek. Unable to get her to show herself, however, he begins breaking the kitsune statues around Narukami Island and in one, finds an important-looking comb and steals it. The Shogunate learns of Ioroi's antics and dispatches Harunosuke, who had returned to Inazuma, to deal with Ioroi. Harunosuke seals Ioroi and many of the bake-danuki into stone statues.[22][67]
Sometime later, Harunosuke performs a Minor Cleansing with the help of Hanachirusato.[67]
~400 years ago ― Ei's first prototype puppet awakens in Shakkei Pavilion, having no name for himself and only a feather as proof of his connection to the Raiden Shogun.[68] He is found by Mikoshi Nagamasa's yoriki, Katsuragi, and joins the group consisting of Armory Officer Niwa Hisahide, Inspector Mikoshi Nagamasa, Katsuragi, Kinjiro, Nozomu, and Vice Armory Officer Miyazaki in Tatarasuna.[60] Others in the group refer to him as the "Kabukimono" (Japanese: 傾奇者 meaning "wandering eccentric").
The Kabukimono is well received by the people of Tatarasuna, teaching him various skills, including forging swords. He becomes good friends with the people of Tatarasuna.
Nagamasa forges his crowning achievement, the Daitatara Nagamasa. In their joy, Nozomu makes a painting of the nagamaki while Katsuragi and Kabukimono perform a sword dance.[69]
A Fontaine mechanic, Escher, comes to Tatarasuna to collaborate. He implements some technologies to the Mikage Furnace, but this ended up releasing dangerous Tataragami and poisoning the people of Tatarasuna, and caused the Mikage Furnace to spew lethal doses of Tatarigami.[68][70]
Niwa sends people to Inazuma City for aid from the Shogunate, but none of them returns. Then Kabukimono is sent to Inazuma City for aid, but is rejected by the Shogunate because earlier in the same year, Ei's Shogun has activated and she has entered the Plane of Euthymia. Then Kabukimono asks for help to Yae Miko, who does send aid to Tatarasuna, but they were all shipwrecked. Kabukimono is unaware of this, and considered that the Shogunate had abandoned Tatarasuna.[71]
Meanwhile, Niwa confronts Escher, who then murders Niwa and reveals himself to be Il Dottore.[68] He then, as Escher, lies to the people of Tatarasuna, claiming that Niwa fled Tatarasuna. When Kabukimono returns empty-handed, Escher told him that he has been tasked to disable the furnace, giving him a device to help absorb the miasma. After Kabukimono successfully disables the furnace, Escher reveals that inside the device was "a heart that Niwa took from the chest of one of his men," but in truth, Dottore had taken Niwa's heart and placed it into the device. Kabukimono, horrified of this, grows disdain for Niwa and humans, and leaves Tatarasuna.
With Niwa's disappearance, Nagamasa, the second-in-command, becomes responsible of the events in Tatarasuna. Katsuragi is willing to face capital punishment in place of his master, and thus Nagamasa cleaves Katsuragi with the Daitatara Nagamasa before throwing the blade into the furnace.
Nozomu throws himself into the furnace to save the blade but later dies from the wounds he sustained; Kinjiro afterwards hides the remains of the blade as well as Nozumu's painting in the Arsenal.[69] Both Nagamasa himself and the Daitatara Nagamasa are thereon known as the Katsuragikiri Nagamasa (Katsuragi-Slashing Nagamasa).
After Kabukimono leaves Tatarasuna, he encountered a sickly child who is affected by the Tatarigami, his parents, likely workers of Tatarasuna, died of the same cause. Kabukimono and the child makes a promise to stay together forever.[72] But the child dies young due to the Tatarigami. Kabukimono enraged by this, burned the child's house down.[73] His hatred towards gods and humans grows further.
After the events above, during his wanderings in Inazuma, Kabukimono names himself Kunikuzushi (Japanese: 国崩 lit. "Country Destroyer").
As a result of Scaramouche removing all information about himself from the Irminsul in Inversion of Genesis, various aspects of the Tatarasuna incident and the fall of the Raiden Gokaden are vastly altered. All instances of Kabukimono or Kunikuzushi are entirely removed from history, and is replaced by entirely new characters. Dottore still caused the incident, but there is a "brave swordsmith" of the Hyakume Clan who rushed to the scene. He and Niwa both sacrificed themselves to disable the furnace, but neither of them survived.[74]
At some point, the Sacred Sakura takes on the shape of a kitsune head[24] as a result of the kitsune's care for the Sacred Sakura.[25]
Recent Past (<100 years ago)[]
~100 years ago ― To enact his revenge against the "bladesmith," Kunikuzushi masterminds the fall of the Raiden Gokaden, eradicating three of the five schools before losing interest in and abandoning his project.[60][75] His revenge involved instigating a famous swordsmith, Akame Kanenaga, to betray Inazuma;[76][77] because swordsmithing and the Raiden Gokaden are viewed as a cultural institution, they were under the jurisdiction of the Yashiro Commission. As a result, their inability to prevent the situation dealt a large blow to the Kamisato Clan.[78]
Yae Miko, predicting that the Kamisato Clan would play a major role in Inazuma's future events, intervened in the Kamisato Clan's judgement before the Raiden Shogun and spared them from punishment.[75]
The Kaedehara Clan's head at that time, Kaedehara Yoshinori, stops doing the smithing due to the fearful of Scaramouche's claim.[79] His son Hisamichi attempts to revive the Isshin Art, but to no avail.[80] Eventually, the Kaedehara Clan's fortune keeps regressing, and when Yoshinori's great-grandson, Kazuha, becomes the head, the clan has collapsed.[81][82]
As a result of Scaramouche removing all information about himself from the Irminsul in Inversion of Genesis, various aspects of the Tatarasuna incident and the fall of the Raiden Gokaden are vastly altered. All instances of Kabukimono or Kunikuzushi are entirely removed from history, and is replaced by entirely new characters. From Kunikuzushi being the one who masterminds the fall of the Raiden Gokaden, instead, a descendant of the "brave swordsmith" of the Hyakume clan is the one who masterminds it. When the descendant got to the Kamisato and Kaedehara clans, they retaliated, and killed the descendant.[74]
30 years ago ― Tejima arrives in Konda Village and settles there, using his vision to protect the villagers from both internal and external threats.[83]
10 years ago ― Thoma gains his Vision when, after being advised by Kamisato Ayato to leave on account of the Yashiro Commission's succession crisis, he nontheless chooses to continue serving the Kamisato Clan.[84]
1 year ago ― With the Fatui pulling the strings and manipulating the Tenryou Commission and Kanjou Commission,[85][86] the Shogun suddenly institutes the Sakoku Decree to shut Inazuma's borders and the Vision Hunt Decree — an order to seize all Visions within its borders.[87] Furthermore, since then, no new Electro Visions are known to have appeared, though preexisting Visions can still be used.[88] While Ei is aware that the Fatui are behind this, she does not deem them a threat towards Eternity and does not intervene.
The Sangonomiya Resistance is formed to resist the Vision Hunt Decree. Since then, the Shogunate Army and the Sangonomiya Resistance have been at war, which has halted to a stalemate.
An individual protested against the Vision Hunt Decree by declaring a duel before the throne. However, he lost to Kujou Sara and was promptly executed by the Shogun, but not before his Vision was seized by Kaedehara Kazuha who flees Inazuma after being branded a criminal.[89]
The wards which suppressed Orobashi were destroyed by Orobashi fanatics with the help of Nathan, a Fatui agent who infiltrated the Watatsumi Army.[90] This led to the Tatarigami spreading again.[91]
During the heat of the civil war, the Mikage Furnace began to malfunction, forcing Xavier to erect a safety dome to contain the Tatarigami. Production at Tatarasuna comes to a halt, and the evacuation order for the armory was issued.[70]
Chiori, a aspiring seamstress, departs Inazuma for Fontaine in a hurry.[92][93]
Present (The Traveler's intervention)[]
The Vision Hunt Decree is abolished due to the joint efforts of the Traveler, Yae Miko, and the Watatsumi Army.[94]
La Signora, the Eighth of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers, loses the duel against the Traveler, and is executed by the Raiden Shogun.[95]
A ceasefire between the Tenryou Commission and Watatsumi Army is agreed upon by Kujou Sara and Sangonomiya Kokomi, with the Traveler bearing witness to the signings.[96]
The events of Transient Dreams takes place. The Sacred Sakura is planted and transferred to the past, Ei and The Shogun agreed on the new term of Eternity, and the Sakoku Decree was lifted.
Along with Hanachirusato, the Traveler performs the latest Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual at Narukami Island.[97]
Along with Xavier, the Traveler resolves the incident at Tatarasuna, regulates the Tatarigami, and brings Mikage Furnace to function normally.[98]
Following Kaji's instruction, the Traveler fixes numerous wards that were destroyed earlier, thus resolving the Tatarigami lingering in Yashiori Island.[99]
The Traveler helps reseal the Thunder Manifestation in Seirai Island, bringing the end to the storm and Balethunder ravaging the island.[39]
After that, the Traveler investigates and discovers the truth of the fog in Tsurumi Island. They help the spirit of Ruu to fulfill the promise with Kanna Kapatcir, and the spirit of the Thunderbird lifts the curse and fog of Tsurumi Island.[10]
Through the request of Tsuyuko, the Traveler is promoted as Watatsumi's hero to dive into Enkanomiya to retrieve Bloodbranch Coral which helps to stave off the spread of the Holy Soil.[14][100][101]
The retrieval of the Bloodbranch Coral triggers the awaken of the Sangacorallia, Orobashi's second familiars. The Sangacorallia are creatures that break down raw, primitive elemental energy into the milder elemental energy of the human realm.[102]
However, this time the Abyss Order cooperated with the Bathysmal Vishaps, with the Bathysmal Vishaps gaining forces to rescue their imprisoned companions which were used the produce the branch while the Abyss achieve safe passages through Enkanomiya. The relationship collapses soon enough, but the damages are done. The Abyssal energy hinders the effectiveness of this Sangacorallia's awakening cycle, and seemingly there will be no Bloodbranch Coral for subsequent Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri.[102][103]
Notes[]
↑ Toki Alley Tales is a relatively unreliable source that has little information that can be cross-checked. As a result, while its account of Inazuma's history has been recorded, its veracity is highly questionable.
↑ In Radiant Sakura, Makoto confirms that her ideal is also eternity, that "Eternity extends time into infinity, dreams illuminate each moment within." Ei comments that Makoto's understanding of eternity is much more profound than her, leading to her "no longer pursuing an eternity defined by stasis." In Wishes in Chapter II: Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals, Yae Miko points out that Makoto "in each moment cherished the beauty of what was before her."
↑ While Baal is Makoto's Goetic name and Ei's is Beelzebul, Zhongli refers to Ei as "Baal" in The Fond Farewell and Venti and Zhongli's Voice-Overs about Ei are both titled "About Baal." Given that they are aware of the distinction between Makoto and Ei, it is presumed that they continue to use Makoto's title for Ei out of respect for the twins' decision.
Lore Discrepancies[]
↑ According to Yae Miko in Wishes, Makoto and Ei "won the Archon War together," whereas Treasured Tales indicates that Ei technically "lost" the Archon War by sacrificing her body so Makoto could ascend. Based on current prevailing in-universe sentiment that the Archon War had a "last man standing" rule, and lore about Boreas choosing death so he would not become the Anemo Archon, the wiki assumes Treasured Tales' account is correct.
↑ Mask of the Kijin reveals that the preceding materials in its series regarding Torachiyo were all distortions of Chiyo's story. Torachiyo did not actually exist.
Translation Notes[]
Editors' Assumptions[]
↑ Celestia is depicted in one of the murals below the island, and the object fits the description of the nail.
↑ 2.0 2.1 It is unclear when exactly Orobashi fled to the Dark Sea and later created Watatsumi Island, or when it was defeated. Orobashi peacefully lived under Baal's rule for a while, which means it was alive after Makoto ascended to Electro Archon, but it was stated to have died during the Archon War. This indicates that both Makoto's rise to Electro Archon and Orobashi's death occurred before the official end of the Archon War 2000 years ago.
↑ Ei, Chiyo, the Kitsune Saiguu, and Sasayuri are depicted together in Character Teaser - "Raiden Shogun: Nightmare," which indicates they were all alive before the war against Orobashi, during which Sasayuri lost his life.
↑ Kanna Kapatcir tells Ruu that she heard "the melodies sung by the blue flying dragon of the far north." This dragon is currently believed to be Dvalin, who descended onto Mondstadt after Barbatos became Anemo Archon. Assuming that is correct, this means Ruu lived sometime after Barbatos ascended 2,600 years ago.
↑ Based on the sequence in Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream, Kanna Kapatcir was killed after Orobashi.
↑ 6.0 6.1 In New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune: Prologue, the chief editor (Yae) tells the author "'I wasn't even born yet when she left,'" to which the author writes, "And I was still in my youth back then." Based on New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune (V), "she" refers the Kitsune Saiguu and the place she left was the Hakushin Lands.
↑ In both Character Teaser - "Raiden Shogun: Nightmare" and Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream, which depict other events in chronological order, the Kitsune Saiguu's death during the Abyss' attack is depicted before Makoto's death in what appears to be Khaenri'ah. From this, it can be assumed that the Abyss attacked Teyvat before The Seven were involved in Khaenri'ah. However, this does not exclude the possibility that the gods in Celestia attacked Khaenri'ah first.
↑ Because Hiiragi Hiroshi claims Michihiro could rival Ako Domeki with his swordsmanship skills, this implies that Ako Domeki had already grown powerful and influential by the time Michihiro became the Kujou sword instructor.
References[]
↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 Book: The Byakuyakoku Collection, Vol. 2 - Before Sun and Moon
↑ 2.0 2.1 World Quest, From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku: The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent
↑ Forgery Domain Entrance Description: Court of Flowing Sand
↑ Mastery Domain Entrance Description: Violet Court
↑ 5.0 5.1 Book: Sangonomiya Chronicles
↑ 6.0 6.1 World Quest, Erebos' Secret: The Three Great Martial Trials
↑ 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 Book: The Byakuyakoku Collection, Vol. 1 - The Serpent and Drakes of Tokoyokoku
↑ 8.0 8.1 World Quest: Lotus Eater
↑ World Quest, Hyperion's Dirge: Hyperion's Dirge
↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 10.3 10.4 10.5 10.6 World Quest, Through the Mists: The Sun-Wheel and Mt. Kanna
↑ 11.0 11.1 Book: Toki Alley Tales
↑ 12.0 12.1 Book: Treasured Tales of the Chouken Shinkageuchi, Vol. 1
↑ 13.0 13.1 Archon Quest, Chapter II, Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals, Part 8: The Omnipresent God
↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 World Quest Act: The Moon-Bathed Deep
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Jade Branch of a Distant Sea
↑ PlayStation Blog: Genshin Impact version 2.4 brings grand celebrations and a mysterious new area to Teyvat
↑ 17.0 17.1 Book: The Byakuyakoku Collection, Vol. 4 - Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records
↑ Artifact, Ocean-Hued Clam: Deep Palace's Plume
↑ World Quest: Antigonus
↑ 20.0 20.1 20.2 20.3 20.4 Book: New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune, Vol. 5
↑ 21.0 21.1 21.2 21.3 Weapon: Hakushin Ring
↑ 22.0 22.1 NPC Dialogue: Ioroi
↑ Raiden Shogun's Voice-Over: Interesting Things
↑ 24.0 24.1 24.2 24.3 24.4 24.5 YouTube: Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream
↑ 25.0 25.1 25.2 Story Quest, Raiden Shogun, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II - Transient Dreams, Part 3: Radiant Sakura
↑ 26.0 26.1 Book: Sacred Sakura Cleansing Summary
↑ World Quest, Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual: A Strange Story in Konda
↑ World Quest: Sakura Arborism
↑ 29.0 29.1 Book: A Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk Belief
↑ 30.0 30.1 Book: The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden
↑ Book: Debates on the "Viceroy of the East"
↑ Weapon: Akuoumaru
↑ One-Time Domain Entrance Description: Formation Estate
↑ Book: Teyvat Travel Guide, Vol. 3
↑ World Quest, Orobashi's Legacy, Part 6: Orobashi's Legacy: Part V
↑ Weapon: Kitain Cross Spear
↑ 37.0 37.1 Artifact Set: Thundering Fury
↑ World Quest, Seirai Stormchasers: Seirai Stormchasers: Part I
↑ 39.0 39.1 World Quest Act: Seirai Stormchasers
↑ 40.0 40.1 Book: New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune, Vol. 1 - Prologue
↑ 41.0 41.1 Weapon: Katsuragikiri Nagamasa
↑ 42.0 42.1 42.2 42.3 42.4 Artifact Set: Shimenawa's Reminiscence
↑ 43.0 43.1 43.2 World Quest: The Narukami Trail
↑ 44.0 44.1 Weapon: Hamayumi
↑ 45.0 45.1 Weapon: Thundering Pulse
↑ 46.0 46.1 46.2 46.3 46.4 Artifact Set: Emblem of Severed Fate
↑ 47.0 47.1 Weapon Ascension Material: Chunk of Aerosiderite
↑ 48.0 48.1 Book: Breeze Amidst the Forest, Vol. 1 - Ballad Selection Excerpt
↑ Event Shadows Amidst Snowstorms Quest: Act I: The Snowy Past
↑ Cleansing Light in Raiden Shogun's Story Quest, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II - Transient Dreams
↑ Genshin Impact Official Site: TeyvatHowever, 500 years ago, the collapse of an ancient civilization turned the universe upside down...
↑ 52.0 52.1 Weapon Ascension Material: Mask of the One-Horned
↑ Weapon: Mistsplitter Reforged
↑ 54.0 54.1 Weapon Ascension Material: Mask of the Kijin
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Mask of the Wicked Lieutenant
↑ World Quest, Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual: Yougou Cleansing
↑ 57.0 57.1 57.2 Story Quest, Raiden Shogun, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II - Transient Dreams, Part 1: Cleansing Light
↑ 58.0 58.1 58.2 58.3 Archon Quest, Chapter II, Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals, Part 9: Wishes
↑ Raiden Shogun's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ 60.0 60.1 60.2 Artifact Set: Husk of Opulent Dreams
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter II, Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals, Part 4: The Servant's Path
↑ Raiden Shogun's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ Weapon: Amenoma Kageuchi
↑ Archive, Living Beings, Enemies and Monsters, Automatons: Maguu Kenki
↑ Weapon: "The Catch"
↑ Event Echoing Tales Conch Retrosprection, II: Strangers in a Strange Boat
↑ 67.0 67.1 World Quest, Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual: Sacrificial Offering
↑ 68.0 68.1 68.2 Archon Quest Act, Interlude Chapter, Act III: Inversion of Genesis
↑ 69.0 69.1 Interactable: Rather Aged Notes
↑ 70.0 70.1 World Quest, Tatara Tales, Part 1: Tatara Tales
↑ Artifact, Husk of Opulent Dreams: Plume of Luxury
↑ Archon Quest, Interlude Chapter, Act III - Inversion of Genesis, Part 3: The Kabukimono's Finale
↑ YouTube: Character Teaser - "Wanderer: Ashes"
↑ 74.0 74.1 Archon Quest, Interlude Chapter, Act III - Inversion of Genesis, Part 2: A Dance of Destruction
↑ 75.0 75.1 Yae Miko's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Kamisato Ayaka's Voice-Over: More About Kamisato Ayaka: III
↑ Weapon: Kagotsurube Isshin
↑ Kamisato Ayaka's Voice-Over: More About Kamisato Ayaka: II
↑ Event Hues of the Violet Garden Quest Act, True Tales of the Violet Garden: Act IV: The Palace, Dyed in Black
↑ Event Summertime Odyssey Quest: II - As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared, Part 1: As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared
↑ Kaedehara Kazuha's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ Kaedehara Kazuha's Character Story: About Kaedehara Kazuha: Samurai Nobility
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter II, Act I - The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia, Part 5: The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
↑ Thoma's Character Story: Vision
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter II, Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals, Part 3: Delusion
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter II, Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals, Part 7: Duel Before the Throne
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 6: The Fond Farewell
↑ World Quest: Endless Research
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter II, Prologue - Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves, Part 3: Follow the Wind
↑ Interactible: Waterlogged Note at Serpent's Head
↑ World Quest, Orobashi's Legacy, Part 1: Orobashi's Legacy: Prologue
↑ Event Roses and Muskets Quest Act, Roses and Muskets: Act I: The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence
↑ Chiori's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ Archon Quest Chapter: Chapter II
↑ Archon Quest Act, Chapter  II, Act III: Omnipresence Over Mortals
↑ Story Quest, Sangonomiya Kokomi, Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter: Act I - Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing, Part 5: New Beginning
↑ World Quest Act: Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual
↑ World Quest Act: Tatara Tales
↑ World Quest Act: Orobashi's Legacy
↑ World Quest: The Still Water's Flow
↑ World Quest Act: From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku
↑ 102.0 102.1 Event Three Realms Gateway Offering Quest, Aphotic Diffusal: Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve
↑ Event Three Realms Gateway Offering Quest, Aphotic Diffusal: Three Realms Gateway Offering: Aftermath
Cite error: <ref> tag with name "Bit of Aerosiderite" defined in <references> is not used in prior text.
Cite error: <ref> tag with name "Equilibrium" defined in <references> is not used in prior text.
Cite error: <ref> tag with name "Zhongli 5" defined in <references> is not used in prior text.
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
OverviewCultureHistoryDesignGallery
The Inazuma archipelago is sub-divided into three main factions: the islands ruled by the Raiden Shogun (Narukami Island, Kannazuka, Yashiori Island, and Seirai Island), Watatsumi Island which worships Orobashi, and Tsurumi Island.
While these islands are all considered part of Inazuma, the geographical and cultural makeup of these areas are vastly different.
Contents
1 Life in Inazuma
1.1 Agriculture
1.2 Architecture
1.3 Cuisine
1.4 Technology
1.5 Duels
1.6 Arts
1.6.1 Ikebana
1.6.2 Martial Arts
1.7 Mystic Arts
1.7.1 Bladesmithing
2 Designs, Motifs, and Symbols
2.1 Character Cards
2.2 Electro Mitsudome
2.3 Sakura Flower
2.4 Mon
2.5 Cloud Motif
3 Economy
4 Fashion
4.1 Men's Fashion
4.2 Women's Fashion
4.3 Fisher's Attire
4.4 Samurai's Attire
4.5 Shogun's Army Uniform
4.6 Watatsumi Army Uniform
4.7 Shrine Maiden's Attire
5 Festivals and Holidays
5.1 Summer Festival
5.2 Irodori Festival
6 Languages
7 Politics
7.1 Military
7.2 Motto
8 Religion
9 Travel Highlights
9.1 Inazuma Travelogue
10 Notes
11 References
12 Navigation
Life in Inazuma[]
Life in Inazuma prior to the Ei's Vision Hunt and Sakoku Decree is unknown, but Paimon states that Inazuma did not have any problems the year before she began accompanying the Traveler.[1] After Ei issued her decrees, life in the region took a drastic turn for the worse for all, as available resources in the nation dropped and very few goods were imported in, forcing many businesses to look for alternate methods. The atmosphere in the nation when the two decrees were active was implied to be tense and dangerous,[2] with some smugglers even refusing to bring in items from the nation.[3] Crime is particularly rampant in Inazuma's wilderness, with large numbers of Treasure Hoarders and ronin like Nobushi and Kairagi.
Following the abolishment of the Vision Hunt Decree and expulsion of corrupt officials, life began to slowly improve for the better, although the Sakoku Decree meant that the economy was still struggling. After Ei abolished the Sakoku Decree, Inazumans were able to trade with other nations, host people from other nations and go out to explore themselves.
Inazuma only has one major city and one port; Inazuma City and Ritou respectively. Apart from these urban settings, the rest of the people live in small villages or estates. Some of these villages were abandoned; Seirai Island has no permanent human residents after the island was destroyed by the Thunder Manifestation, while Higi Village and another unnamed village south of it was evacuated after the release of Tatarigami energy on the island. Tsurumi Island, while part of the Inazuma archipelago, is also devoid of people, as its previous civilization was annihilated by Kapatcir.
Bake-Danukis are known to live in Inazuma, who enjoy pranking passersby by pretending to offer food and shelter, disguising it as leaves and mud.[4] While humans are still the most predominant inhabitants of Inazuma, youkai such as tengu, oni and kitsune also reside in Inazuma; however, like the adepti of Liyue, few remain and most live in seclusion.
Inazuman samurai society often revolves around an honor system of sorts; samurai families, being relatively common in Inazuma, have an immense amount of pride and honor, often sending their children to serve in the Shogun's armies to glory and fame. Samurai are known to engage in duels from time to time. They are particularly prideful of their own skills; being bested in battle or duel by another or being helped by an outsider is typically considered to be shameful.[5]
Agriculture[]
Watatsumi Island has historically had very poor soil for growing crops, which was a primary motivating factor for the Narukami-Watatsumi War at the end of the Archon War. According to legend, Enkanomiya is constantly trying to pull the spirit of Watatsumi Island into the depths, causing soil erosion and bleaching that turns it into "Holy Soil." The Watatsumi Mitama Omatsuri is a ritual performed to stave off the spread of Holy Soil. Tsuyuko, a shrine maiden who studied at Sumeru Akademiya, believes that "Holy Soil" is actually caused by the salinity and alkalinity of the seawater encroaching on the island, which leaches nutrients from the soil.[6]
Other islands appear to be having a similar issue, as Konda Village of Narukami Island has difficulty in trying to grow crops.
Many Lavender Melon trees can be found across Inazuma's islands. While Sunsettia and Apple trees cannot be found in Inazuma's overworld, this seems to be a purely gameplay phenomenon: the Expedition reward for Byakko Plain includes Sunsettias, which indicates that Sunsettias can be found in Inazuma's wilds.
Architecture[]
Inazuman buildings and furnishings typically make use of Aralia, Maple, Otogi or Yumemiru Wood. Yumemiru wood is typically used for creating shrines.
Cuisine[]
Main page: Category:Inazuma Dishes
According to Chongyun, authentic Inazuman cuisine is ice-cold fresh and can take the exhaustion away from a day of hard training.[7] Seafood plays an important role in Inazuman cuisine due to the large ocean surrounding the nation. Other foods include poultry like Imported Poultry, ramen, dango, and egg rolls.
Technology[]
The Maguu Kenki originate from Inazuma. They are magical autonomous puppets that use the powers of Cryo and Anemo, having been created by unknown people to mimic the Iwakura Clan sword arts.
Onmyoudou was also developed in Inazuma by Kamuna Harunosuke. While mostly forgotten, traces of it still exist in legends and by the Kairagi, who utilise shikifuda to elementally infuse their swords despite not having a Vision.
Duels[]
A Duel Before the Throne is a traditional Inazuman duel between two combatants that is fought in Tenshukaku and witnessed by the Shogun.
If someone has a disagreement with another party or feels that they have been slighted in some way, they can challenge the offender to a duel before the throne. The two parties will travel to Tenshukaku and present their case to the Raiden Shogun. If the Shogun gives them the clearance to engage in combat, then they will begin fighting until someone is unable to duel any further. These duels always end in the death of one of the combatants. The loser is either killed by a lethal blow, or if they survive the duel, executed by the Musou no Hitotachi.
Two notable duels have been referenced so far. Kazuha's friend challenged the Raiden Shogun to a duel for instituting the Vision Hunt Decree, and Kujou Sara accepted on her behalf. He ultimately lost the duel and was executed. Later, during Duel Before the Throne in the Omnipresence Over Mortals Archon Quest, the Traveler challenged Signora to a duel in an attempt to stop the Fatui from taking over Inazuma and also as an act of revenge for her stealing Venti's Gnosis. A hard battle was fought, and ultimately, Signora was defeated and executed by the Musou no Hitotachi.
Arts[]
Ikebana[]
Ikebana is the art of arranging flowers to create a floral courtyard. Current known practitioners are Kamisato Ayaka and Fushizome.
Martial Arts[]
Main article: Martial Arts in Teyvat § Inazuma
There are several martial arts practiced in Inazuma.
Mystic Arts[]
Main article: Mystic Arts in Teyvat § Inazuma
Bladesmithing[]
Inazuma is famous for its bladesmithing techniques. It's fame even allowed them to have a consistent trade with Fontaine to provide the nation their skills. Inazuma had five bladesmithing schools called the Raiden Gokaden, though Scaramouche's machinations have resulted in only one school, the Amenoma School surviving. 
Designs, Motifs, and Symbols[]
See also: Symbols in Teyvat
The following designs, motifs, and symbols are typically seen within Inazuma or on Inazuma-related parties.
Character Cards[]
Inazuma's Character Cards are similar to Mondstadt's: it features one large circle with a smaller circle inside, aligned towards the bottom of the larger circle. Inazuma's Vision shape takes up the top center of the space between the two circles, with five smaller circles on each side.
The bottom three circles' icons are largely the same: the bottommost depicts a sakura or cherry blossom, while the one above it depicts two different kumadori makeup styles used in Kabuki theater. Above that are two opposing animal envoys wearing their corresponding masks: A kitsune wearing a fox mask on the right side and an inugami wearing a dog mask on the left.
Of the remaining four circles, the bottom left one depicts coral and crashing waves, which is possible a reference to Orobashi. Above it is a Shinto shrine with a cherry blossom symbol above it. To the right of the Vision is an icon depicting the Tenshukaku, and below it is an icon of a mitsudomoe with a katana.
Electro Mitsudome[]
The Electro Mitsudome is the symbol that represents the Raiden Shogun and her rule. The Electro symbol is made from the negative space of the three tomoe.
Symbol of the Inazuma ShogunateLiyue character for Electro with simplified mitsudomoe
Sakura Flower[]
Five-petaled flowers representing the Sacred Sakura can be found on the buildings of the Grand Narukami Shrine and on Yae Miko's clothing.
Inazuma emblem with sakura flower at the topSymbol of the Grand Narukami ShrineYumemiru Sakura's Rest Bed
Mon[]
In Inazuma, like in Japanese history, clans may have a mon (紋) or seal by which they are identified.
Kamisato Clan crest with a camelia flowerKamisato Ayaka wears the crest on her chestKujou Clan crestKujou Sara wears the Kujou crest in many places, including on the back of her hand, at her neck, on a belt around her hips, and on a ribbon at her backCharged shot with Crowfeather CoverHiiragi Clan crest with two birdsSanganomiya crest. Also symbol of the Watatsumi Army/the Resistance
Cloud Motif[]
A traditional way of drawing flat, stylised clouds called yokogumo (横雲).
Inazuman Character cards have yokogumo near the bottom. Note also the sakura flowers
Economy[]
Book printing is one the main trades in Inazuma, in part due to the Yae Publishing House, who are known throughout Teyvat as the giant in the printing industry. They occasionally host the "This Novel is Amazing!" contest. 
Inazuma also produces kimonos, toys and fireworks for export to other nations. The majority of fireworks are manufactured by Naganohara Fireworks, while many renowned kimonos are made by Ogura Textiles & Kimonos. Prior to the Sakoku Decree, Inazuma had a healthy economy, but once it was enacted, exports, imports and internal trade drastically decreased. Very few ships dared to brave the storms surrounding the archipelago, and they often lost many of their goods in the process. Seafood production also declined as the Kanjou Commission saw all vessels as a means of escape. After the decree was repealed, the nation is slowly resuming trade.
Like Liyue, Inazuma also possesses a mining and smithing industry. Jakotsu Mine and the Mikage Furnace are well known in Inazuma, but the former closed after a "sickness" spread throughout the island, while the latter closed after the core went critical, threatening to leak Tatarigami energy until it was fixed, but even then, many are still hesitant to return. Inazuman swords are particularly well known due to the use of Jade Steel, a special material from Tatarasuna, although production has since halted following the peace treaty between Watatsumi and the Shogunate.
Fashion[]
Men's Fashion[]
Children's attire (Kouichi)Men's attire, version 1 (Ryuuji)Men's attire, version 2 (Oomori)Men's attire, version 3 (Kaji)Men's kimono, version 1 (Junkichi)Men's kimono, version 2 (Aikawa Susumu)Elderly men's attire (Amenoma Tougo)
Women's Fashion[]
Children's attire (Futaba)Women's attire, version 1 (Atsuko)Women's attire, version 2 (Nishikino Reirei)Women's attire, version 3 (Matsumoto)Women's kimono, version 1 (Hiiragi Chisato)Women's kimono, version 2 (Rie)Elderly women's attire, version 1 (Mahiru)Elderly women's attire, version 2 (Komaki)
Women in Inazuma tend to have bangs. Younger women tend to have their hair cut in a short bob, whereas older women tend to have their hair tied up in a bun.
Elderly women's attire in Watatsumi Island have the same coloring as the attire in Narukami Island, except inverted. This is a possible parallel between Watatsumi Island's worship of Orobashi and Narukami Island's worship of the Raiden Shogun.
Fisher's Attire[]
Fisherwoman (Kujirai Momiji)
Fishers in Inazuma do not have special clothing compared to other NPCs, but they can typically be distinguished by the kasa hats they wear.
Samurai's Attire[]
A Kairagi's samurai attireA Nobushi Hitsukeban's attireA Nobushi Jintouban's attireA Nobushi Kikouban's attire
The Nobushi can be primarily distinguished by their color palettes and their differences in kasa. Jintouban wear a Nirayama-kasa (Japanese: 韮山笠).
Shogun's Army Uniform[]
Standard Shogun's Army Doushin attire (Watanabe)Standard Officer attire (Kobayashi)Standard Yoriki Samurai attire (Okawara Goemon)
The attire of the standard rank-and-file of the Shogun's Army uniforms are modeled after the ashigaru (Japanese: 足軽) foot soldiers of feudal Japan. Their clothing cosists of a shitagi (shirt), kobakama (pants), whose colors varied, white socks and waraji sandals. Their eggplant-colored armor consists of dou (breastplate) with the Inazuma Shogunate's crest, kote (armored sleeves), haidate (thigh guards), and sune-ate (greaves). Infantry only wear han-kote (half-kote), while officers' sleeves were fully armored. Sometimes personnel, usually officiers, may be seen wearing a jingasa (Japanese: 陣笠) with the crest of the Inazuma Shogunate. They are equipped with a juumonji yari (cross-shaped spear), whose shaft is lavender colored, and contains the Shogunate crest under the spearhead. Higher-ranking officials, like the yoriki samurai, can be seen equipped with  sode (shoulder armor) on the left arm, wearing a kabuto (helmet), and are barefoot in their waraji. Instead of using yari, these samurai carried katanas at their hips on the left side with the blade facing down.
The coloration of the clothing and armor accents indicates the ranking of the individual within the Shogun's Army. Low-ranking infantry personnel could be identified by their purple-gray shitagi, gray kobakama, and gray accents on their armor. Officers also wore purple-gray shitagi, but their lavender kobakama pale gold accents on the armor indicated their higher ranking. The yoriki samurai and higher officials (e.g., Hatamoto) were distinguished with their lavender shitagi, indigo kobakama, and dark gold accented armor.
Watatsumi Army Uniform[]
Standard Watatsumi Army samurai attire (Teppei)
Compared to the Shogun's Army (which consist of 3 attires), the Watatsumi Army's standard uniform is available in one design, so rankings were more intuitive within the army. Watatsumi Army's clothings consists of light red-white gradient shitagi with a red-violet colored left sleeve, gray kobakama, and waraji sandals without the socks. The Sangonomiya Clan's crest is imprinted on the back of the shitagi, below the neck. Additional features on the uniform's design such as breastplates and helmets are not present, compared to Shogun's Army uniforms, but were still equipped with sode, han-kote, haidate, and sune-ate armor, whose colors were red and black with gold accents. The right shoulder guard has the Sangonomiya Clan's crest imprinted on it. The common weapon used among the ranks is the juumonji yari, whose shaft is colored with a red-white gradient and has the Sangonomiya Clan's crest under the spearhead.
Shrine Maiden's Attire[]
Grand Narukami Shrine's shrine maiden attire (Maki)Sangonomiya Shrine's shrine maiden attire (Izumi Naki)
The standard shrine maiden uniform consists of a kosode and hakama, white socks, and okobo sandals. Shrine maidens at the Grand Narukami Shrine of Narukami Island wear a red hakama and red accents on their outfit, while shrine maidens at the Sangonomiya Shrine and Mouun Shrine of Watatsumi Island wear a deep blue hakama and deep blue accents on their outfit.
Festivals and Holidays[]
Summer Festival[]
Main article: Summer Festival
Irodori Festival[]
Main article: Irodori Festival
Languages[]
Main article: Inazuma Language
Politics[]
The Shogun is assisted by a group known as the Tri-Commission by its people; they act similarly to the collective of the Liyue Qixing and the Eight Trades, with each commission handling different responsibilities.[8][Note 1]
The Tri-Commission consists of three commissions; the Kanjou, Tenryou and Yashiro Commission. Each one tends to their own duties and are led by a prestigious clan the Hiiragi, Kujou and Kamisato Clan respectively, who in turn lead less prestigious clans, such as the Takatsukasa Clan.
Due to each commission's close ties to the Shogun, when the commissioner is removed from their post (such as death or forced removal by the Shogun), it often leads to a time of instability for both the commission and the leading clan itself; as the leading clan is in threat of losing influence and prestige, while the clans and/or subordinates they were also leading try to take the position for themselves.[9][10]
The Kanjou Commission handles the nation's borders, checking documents of both foreigners and returning citizens. They were originally led by Hiiragi Shinsuke, who was dismissed for his role in the Fatui plot.
The Tenryou Commission handles the nation's security from all internal and external threats. They were originally led by Kujou Takayuki, who was dismissed for his role in the Fatui plot. Similarly to Shinsuke, an official successor has not been declared, though Kujou Kamaji currently fills the role as an acting proxy and Kujou Sara overseeing overall command of the Shogunate forces.
The Yashiro Commission handles the management of shrines, festivals and cultural events, being the most connected to the people. They are currently led by Kamisato Ayato. Outside of this, Ayato is also responsible for handling corrupt officials and the Shuumatsuban, a ninja organization that directly answers to him. The Shuumatsuban handle clandestine operations such as intelligence gathering and counter-ops.
Watatsumi Island is a unique outlier in that the island is mostly governed by the Divine Priestess of the Sangonomiya Clan due to the islanders' worship of Orobashi instead of Ei. The current Divine Priestess is Sangonomiya Kokomi, and the island has their own army, separate from that of the Shogun's. 
Prior to the Traveler's arrival in Inazuma, Ei had enacted both the Vision Hunt and Sakoku Decree as she felt that they aligned with her ideals of eternity at the time. In reality, this was a Fatui plot intended to cause instability in the nation and market their Delusions, convincing both Shinsuke and Takayuki to collude with them. Takayuki would feed the Shogun false information about the war while Shinsuke would provide the Fatui with Crystal Marrow. While the Kamisato siblings were suspicious of the unusual circumstances and did not assist the Fatui, their lack of influence and the potential consequences did not result in much activity. The resulting Vision Hunt Decree caused a civil war between the Watatsumi Army and the Shogunate.
When the Traveler arrived, they were able to discover the whole truth of the plot and with the assistance of Yae Miko, convinced Ei to start listening to her people's wishes. After learning the full extent of the Fatui plot, she stripped both Shinsuke and Takayuki of their positions and roles, placing them under house arrest. The civil war subsequently concluded and talks were held between the Shogunate and Watatsumi Island. While spending more time with the Traveler,[11][12] Ei came to realize that her beliefs had been wrong from the start and decided to take a more active role in giving her people the happiness they deserved, abolishing the Sakoku Decree.
Military[]
Inazuma has three military forces - the Shogun's Army, the Watatsumi Army and the Shuumatsuban. The Shogun's Army is the primary army of Inazuma, led by the Kujou Clan. The Watatsumi Army tends to their own island and are led by Gorou. The Shuumatsuban are a clandestine force under the command of the Yashiro Commissioner.
The nation also possesses a navy, though it is not seen in-game. 
There are some ranks in the Shogun's Army - recruits, captains and samurai. Polearms are the common weapon of choice for non-samurai, while samurai exclusively use swords and bows, given that the art of the sword is highly regarded in the nation.[13]
Motto[]
One of the national mottos of Inazuma (especially one during military campaigns) is "Glory to the Shogun and her everlasting reign!"[14][15][16]
The corresponding motto in the Japanese localization and the Chinese original can be translated as "The one who hath spread the unchanging way is the eternal Narukami!", where the "unchanging way" means the unconditional truth of life and the universe, while Narukami ("Thundering God" or lit. "Roaring God") is a title of the Raiden Shogun  (Japanese: 常道を恢弘せしは、永遠なる鳴神なり！ Joudou wo kaikou seshi wa, eien naru Narukami nari!; Chinese: 常道恢弘，鸣神永恒！ Chángdào huīhóng, Míngshén yǒnghéng!, lit. "The unchanging way [is] immense, Narukami [is] eternal!").[Note 2]
Religion[]
Compared to Mondstadt and Liyue, Inazuma's religious devotion is much more visible in their culture, as Shogunate-held islands worship the Shogun. The people of Watatsumi Island worship Orobashi, due to the god's role in bringing them out of Enkanomiya.
A long time ago, a group of islanders on Tsurumi Island worshipped Kanna Kapatcir, calling her the Thunderbird and would offer human sacrifices in her name to appease her. Due to unusual circumstances surrounding the island, they did not have any contact with the rest of Inazuma, as they believed that certain death awaited those who left the island, as it was surrounded by a dense fog. This tribe was wiped out after Ruu sacrificed himself to appease the Thunderbird when he felt that the situation on the island was becoming worse, which enraged the entity as she saw his sacrifice as a broken promise.
Travel Highlights[]
The Teyvat Travel Highlights are published by the Adventurers' Guild on the Genshin Impact official website.
Inazuma Travelogue[]
As a sailor, my dream has always been to explore all the regions of Teyvat. I haven't been on the fleet for long when I wrote this note. I was on the deck of the Black Ignis, headed towards Inazuma at the time. I'm a little embarrassed to say this, but this is my first time at sea. I felt overwhelmed facing the raging storm. The Chief Mate, Tongsheng, didn't seem particularly talkative, but he taught me a lot about sailing. The old sailor that lived with me told me many tales about Inazuma in his spare time. I wrote all these stories down to pass the time during the long voyage.
Inazuma, the land of eternity. It is said that the sea surrounding Inazuma is engulfed by storm and tempest. To break through the thunderstorms, one must rely on a fleet of experienced sailors and the strongest ships. But once you pass through the thunderstorms, Inazuma is surely a sight to behold. The first time I heard about it, I thought the sailors were exaggerating the storms to brag about their experiences. But yesterday, I experienced the impact of the violent thunderstorms and I must say, it is not easy to make a living on the vast ocean. This made me more fascinated with Inazuma. I must say, after being on the water for so long, I miss life on land and the feeling of my feet on soil. I miss the musky scent of the earth. But if I had to choose again, I would not hesitate to step back on deck. After all, life at sea is so much more interesting than the day-to-day life, and there are so many unknown areas to explore and stories to be heard.
It is said that the customs in Inazuma are very different from those of other countries. Unlike Mondstadt or Liyue, Inazuma is located in the distant sea and consists of many islands. There are several small islands scattered around the large islands, and the people on those islands rely heavily on ships to communicate with each other.
We are currently sailing towards Ritou, that is part of Narukami Island. Inazuma City is located on Narukami Island. Cherry blossoms are planted all over this island. In the season when the cherry blossoms are in full bloom, the petals are like clouds. When walking underneath them, they will fall like rain and you will soon notice you are covered in cherry blossom petals... The old sailor proudly showed me a painting of a Shrine in Inazuma. It showed that it was his meticulous work. The blooming cherry blossoms are indeed unforgettable.
Ritou is the only way to enter Inazuma for outlanders. Before stepping onto Inazuma, you must go through the administrative formalities with the Kanjou Commission, or you might run into trouble. The old sailor said in a serious tone that made me think he must have had experienced it before. But once you enter Ritou, you can take a breather and enjoy the atmosphere and customs of Inazuma.
After being on the sea for so long, I long for food on land. Looks like there are many specialty cuisine in Inazuma? The old sailor described to me an Inazuman dish called Sakura Tempura: golden and crisp on the outside, but with a faint fragrance of cherry blossoms. When you bite into it, the shell is fragrant and crispy, with a delicious filling. Having said that, the old sailor swallowed and I felt a little hungry myself. I looked forward to Inazuma that much more.
It's time for me to get back to work on deck, my note today shall end here. There is a faint rumble of a thunderstorm in the distance. I've heard that the Raiden Shogun is responsible for this. I guess there must be a reason behind it. If you have free time, talk about the old tales of Inazuma with the old sailor. I think the stories are very interesting. I still have a small bottle of treasured wine in my bag, which would be perfect for a time like this...
Notes[]
↑ While the English text of Atsuko during A Path Through the Storm says it is roughly equivalent to "the Eight Trades under the Liyue Qixing" (emphasis added), both the Chinese and Japanese equivalents of the line simply say "Seven Stars (Qixing) and Eight Gates (Eight Trades)" (Chinese: 七星八门 Qīxīng Bāmén). In Imperial China, "[number] + [upper office] + [number] + [lower office]" was a common expression to refer to a national administrative system as a whole (rather than specific offices), as in "Three Lords and Nine Ministers" (Chinese: 三公九卿 Sāngōng Jiǔqīng) and "Three Departments and Six Ministries" (Chinese: 三省六部 Sānshěng Liùbù).
↑ Etymologically, the archaic and literary phrase joudou wo kaikou seshi [mono] (Japanese: 常道を恢弘せし[者] "[The one who] hath spread the unchanging way") probably comes from 恢弘至道 "spread the supreme way" in Preface to the Book of Documents, an ancient Confucianist commentary text attributed to the Chinese philosopher Kong Anguo (156 BC? - 74 BC?). It was chosen here perhaps because Confucianism was the state philosophy of Tokugawa Shogunate of Japan. The "supreme way" is replaced here with the "unchanging way," a philosophical term from the first sentence of Tao Te Ching by Laozi, the most important classic of Taoism.
References[]
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 6: The Fond Farewell
↑ NPC Dialogue: Atsuko
↑ NPC Dialogue: Bibo
↑ Kaedehara Kazuha's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ World Quest: Dreams of Sword Art
↑ World Quest, The Moon-Bathed Deep: The Moon-Bathed Deep
↑ Chongyun's Voice-Over: Favorite Food
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter II, Prologue - Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves, Part 1: A Path Through the Storm
↑ Story Quest, Kamisato Ayato, Cypressus Custos Chapter: Act I - The Firmiana Leaf Falls, Part 3: The Wind Settles
↑ Story Quest, Raiden Shogun, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act I - Reflections of Mortality, Part 4: To Hear Mortal Hearts
↑ Story Quest Act, Raiden Shogun, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act I: Reflections of Mortality
↑ Story Quest Act, Raiden Shogun, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II: Transient Dreams
↑ Kaedehara Kazuha's Voice-Over: Something to Share: Bamboo Blades
↑ Inazuma, Interactable: Statue of The Seven
↑ Raiden Shogun's Character Story: Character Details
↑ Kujou Sara's Voice-Over: Elemental Burst (First Voice-Over)
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
There is currently no text in this page.
You can search for this page title in other pages, or search the related logs, but you do not have permission to create this page.
OverviewCultureHistoryGallery
See also: Timeline
The timeline of historical events within the Fontaine region.
References are provided as much as possible. Notes expand on the deduction and reasoning used to draw certain conclusions, which can be read either by hovering over (desktop-only) or clicking on the note. Some specific types of notes found on the page:
Lore Discrepancy: When information provided in the game is self-contradictory, retroactively changed, or contradicts information from outside media (such as the manga), it is considered a lore discrepancy. This is different from a translation discrepancy, in which information is contradictory or misleading due to inaccuracies in localization. In the case of a lore discrepancy between in-game information and outside media, the in-game information always takes priority.
Translation Note: Used when the original Chinese text and then official English localization do not match, or if something is clearer in Chinese. In the case of a translation discrepancy, the original Chinese text always takes priority.
Assumptions: To make sense of the lore — which the miHoYo writers often deliberately obscure by withholding critical information until later versions, giving contradictory evidence, and scattering information across various item sets — editors will sometimes make assumptions to determine the order of events or connect pieces of lore together. However, they may be obsoleted and proven incorrect by new lore and story. These notes serve as a disclaimer, and expand on the editors' reasoning for their conclusions.
If you have any proposed changes for the timeline, please leave a comment and cite your evidence.
Contents
1 The Old World
2 The First Era
3 The Great War
4 The Interim Period
5 The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)
6 Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)
7 Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)
8 The Cataclysm (500 years ago)
9 Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)
10 Recent Past (<100 years ago)
11 Notes
11.1 Lore Discrepancies
11.2 Translation Notes
11.3 Editors' Assumptions
12 References
13 Navigation
The Old World[]
Main article: Timeline § The Old World
During the Seven Sovereigns' era, the Primordial Sea was located on the surface of the world. Most of Teyvat's lifeforms originate from the Primordial Sea due to its unique properties.[1]
Legend says that the Hydro Dragon, one of the Seven Sovereigns, once resided in Fontaine.[2] It is said to be the "beating heart" that ruled over the Primordial Sea.[3]
Hydro Vishaps believe that the Primordial Sea originally had a composition similar to that of blood, and that life originating from the Primordial Sea evolved into different, individual forms by developing blood vessels to keep the waters of the Primordial Sea within themselves. (Whether this belief is held by other Vishap species has not been determined.)[3]
After arriving in this world, the Heavenly Principles takes a portion of each of the Seven Sovereigns' elemental Authorities.[4] The Sovereigns go to war against the Heavenly Principles, but are eventually defeated.[5]
The First Era[]
Main article: Timeline § The First Era
The term "first era" is derived from The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria.
Towards the end of the "first era" — likely the era established after the Heavenly Principles's rise to power — humanity begins to covet things that belongs to Celestia and attempt to break away from their fates.[6]
The people are eventually punished by having their cities destroyed by tsunamis and then buried underwater after 100 days of rainfall, which "drowned all sin and arrogation" and forces humanity to rebuild civilization all over again.[6]
Sybilla, a divine envoy tasked with guarding an Irminsul tree, remains as the sole surviver of the flood.[7][8]
The Great War[]
Main article: Timeline § The Great War
The term "great war" is derived from Neuvillette's Vision Character Story, which refers to a "great war of vengeance" which badly wounded the Heavenly Principles.
Sometime following its defeat, the original Hydro Dragon withers away.[9][10][Assumption 1]
According to the Oceanids, Egeria is created as the Primordial Sea's new heart by the Shade of Life, a divine envoy and one of the Heavenly Principles's Four Shades. Despite being created by a "ruler of humans," Egeria is created entirely from material originating from Teyvat.[3]
No new Hydro Dragon can be born so long as Egeria resides within the Primordial Sea.[11]
The Interim Period[]
Main article: Timeline § The Interim Period
While not formally established as its own period in time, Liyue lore indicates there was a stretch of peacetime between the Great War and the Archon War. 
According to legend, the first Oceanid is born after Egeria sheds the "first tear," which later gives birth to all other Oceanids. Egeria bestows a task to the Oceanids "to seek an understanding of the diverse array of species and to love every creature."[12]
To fulfill Egeria's desire to connect everyone in the world, the Oceanids disperse across the waters of Teyvat to act as "spies." However, Rhodeia of Loch denies any ulterior motive on Egeria's part.[13]
Some Oceanids soon desire to live on the surface, having seen and envied human life. Not wanting to refuse her followers, Egeria decides to fulfill their request by taking water from the Primordial Sea and pouring it into the Oceanids' "blood" vessels, thus creating humanoid forms for them to walk on land.[14]
Celestia deems Egeria's "act of life" a sin and sentences her to be sealed for her crimes. At some point, Fontainians learn of a prophecy claiming that water levels would rise and eventually, the people of Fontaine will be dissolved in order to wash their sins, reverting back into what they once were.[14]
The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)[]
Main article: Timeline § The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)
Sometime after the fall of Gurabad in Sumeru, Remus arrives in the High Seas seeking a place to die. There, he accidentally discovers the ruins of a forgotten city and meets the city's only surviving inhabitants: Sybilla, a former envoy tasked with guarding the Irminsul tree there, and the other Golden Bees. They foretell that Remus was destined to come here; that he will create a new, prosperous and thriving nation; and that the nation's desire for justice will lead to its downfall. Remus' begrudging acceptance of his destiny causes the Irminsul to turn into a golden ship,[8] which they use to establish the empire of Remuria over the waters.[15]
Remus' reign is prosperous, becoming known as the "golden era" and the "grand symphony" of Fontaine. Remus is credited for helping his people develop agriculture, construct giant cities and temples, and spread the beauty of music and art.[16] To push his dream of creating a harmonious, enlightened civilization,[17] he uses the Fortuna to call other tribes to join the empire of Remuria and conquers any tribe which refuses to join him, such as the tribe which Erinnyes and Cassiodor hailed from.[18]
After turning Remuria into a flourishing civilization, Remus' worries about its future leads him to seek a way to avert the destruction which Sybilla had prophesied. Though she believes it to be a futile effort, citing the rise and fall of civilizations as the law of Fortuna, she points him to Egeria, who was imprisoned in the depths of the Primordial Sea, to find a possible solution.[19]
Scylla, who is guarding Egeria's prison, attacks him, and they battle for thirty days and thirty nights. Afterwards, their exhaustion gives Remus an opening to explain the reason for his arrival. Bemused by Remus' futile dream, Scylla grants him passage to visit Egeria.[20]
To Remus' dismay, his meeting with Egeria yields no results, as Fontaine's fate was sealed by her "original sin" of creating a new race of humans using the Primordial Sea's power.[20][21] Egeria gives Remus a goblet of primordial water, which he intends to use to "create a world of endless prosperity, one without conflict." Intrigued by Remus' ideals, Scylla decides to leave the Primordial Sea to join his cause.[22]
Remus believes that so long as the "harmonious symphony of prosperity" continues to play, Remuria will prosper forever. He sets about perfecting his civilization, paying particular attention to his capital city, Capitolium.[6]
Hoping to make Remuria's peoples escape the flood, he mixes the primordial water with an immortal stone to create a Golden Ichor who would contain the souls and minds of his peoples and places this Ichor full of souls into Golems, and tries to replace the entire Primordial Water with his golden Ichor.[6]
To escape the prophecy, Remus aims to eliminate all which might bring about such destruction or who does not accept his rules: Lochfolks, Vishaps, Barbarians.[23]
Barbarians and Vishaps eventually start a rebellion under the leadership of Scylla against Remus and his golem army and golden troupe.[24]
Remus eventually realizes his wrongs while Remuria is being destroyed and gives out his final orders, attempting to restore peace back to Remuria.[25]
The Harmost Boethius sees his retreat as a betrayal, steals the golden Ichor and seals the Dragon Scylla with it.[25]
Remuria and its peoples are sunk under the sea at the same time the Dragon is sealed.[26] The golden Ichor is eventually corroded by the Primordial Sea and the survivors turn back into "Barbarism and Annihilation".[17]
After Remuria is destroyed by conflicts and rebellions, Celestia commands Egeria to return from her primeval prison to take over Remus' position and rule Fontaine.[27]
Egeria returns to Fontaine and gathers the survivors, mediating between their feuds, and instructs them to establish new cities around flowing springs, thus commencing an era guided by law which endures to the present day.[6] She is awarded a Gnosis,[3] ascends as the Hydro Archon, and becomes one of The Seven.[28]
Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)[]
2000 years ago — The Archon War comes to an end as the final divine seat in Celestia is claimed, cementing the positions of The Seven's original members.[29][30] Defeated gods who refused to live under The Seven's rule fled to islands in the Dark Sea, where they became evil gods.[31]
Egeria exiles all of the criminals from her nation, who live in misery as they are shunned by society.[15]
Eventually, some of these criminals beg for forgiveness, which Egeria heard through the waters. Egeria grants their wish for redemption, ordering them to guard her secret — the entrance to the Primordial Sea — beneath the waves. This results in the construction of the Fortress of Meropide, where the prisoners live and guard the path to the Primordial Sea. However, this secret would eventually become forgotten over time.[15]
Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)[]
Main article: Timeline § Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)
While knowing she could not make an enemy of the divine, Egeria did not want harm to befall her followers because of the prophecy. She assigned Focalors, one of her Oceanid followers, to be her successor, hoping that she would be able to concoct a plan to deceive Celestia.[32]
The Fleuvre Cendre, ruled by the outlaw Eduardo Baker, runs afoul of the bureaucracy of the Court of Fontaine; it is raided by the Maison Gardiennage and its leaders arrested. Eduardo is sentenced to exile in the Great Red Sand.
The Siege of Poisson — While being led to exile, Eduardo is freed by his henchmen and flees to Poisson, taking the Maison Gardiennage personnel who had been escorting him as hostages. Poisson is razed in the ensuing battle between Eduardo's faction and the Gardes, resulting in the deaths of many of its residents. The mayor of Poisson, Renault de Petrichor, likely died in the siege.
In the aftermath of the siege, Renault's son, Rene de Petrichor, and Eduardo's son, Jakob Baker, are sent to the Narzissenkreuz Institute, where they befriend Alain Guillotin and Mary-Ann.
The Cataclysm (500 years ago)[]
Main article: Timeline § The CataclysmThe Cataclysm (500 years ago)
500 years ago ― Egeria dies and Focalors takes over. Due to differences in ideology between Egeria and Focalors, the Oceanids refuse to obey Focalors and go on self-imposed exiles from Fontaine.[13][33]
The director of the Narzissenkreuz Institute, Lyris, who was herself an Oceanid, also disappears.
The great beast Elynas appears in Fontaine, spreading severe pollution to the land and sea. Basil Elton, vice-director of the Institute and former Admiral of the Fontaine Navy, comes out of retirement to fight against the threat. The Fontaine Armada set off for what would be their final battle; for 35 days it pursued Elynas, all the while attracting monsters from the Abyss. After finally catching up to the beast, the armada slammed into him, which destroyed the ship and killed all its crew while also mortally wounding Elynas.
Elynas eventually dies from his wounds, but maintains his consciousness.
A massive flood later called the "first diluvian period" (or "first flood period") submerges much of Fontaine, including the Narzissenkreuz Institute. The Institute, now flooded and without a director or vice-director, officially closes; Jakob and Rene are adopted by Karl Ingold, while Alain and Mary-Ann are adopted by Emanuel Guillotin.
At some unknown point, Alain enrolls into the Institute of Natural Philosophy in pursuit of mechanical research.
Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)[]
Main article: Timeline § Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)
~499 years before the Archon Quest The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur in Chapter IV: Act V - Masquerade of the Guilty[Assumption 2] ― Focalors avulses her divinity from her body and spirit, leaving behind Furina as her ''humanity''. Furina was then instructed by Focalors to publicly take the mantle of the Hydro Archon as a measure towards saving Fontaine from the prophecy.
Focalors then creates and proceeds to seclude herself in the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale, acting as the Oratrice's verdict-giving system. Continual trials to be held in the Opera Epiclese would allow Indemnitium—a form of power derived from people's belief—to be accumulated in the Oratrice, of which Focalors would allot a small amount to power Fontaine. The majority of the remaining power was to be stored and utilized when the people of Fontaine would hold the trial of the Hydro Archon, as stated in the prophecy.
~499 years later, the Oratrice sentences the Hydro Archon to death. Focalors bears the punishment, and has willingly given up her full authority as the Hydro Archon to the Hydro Dragon Sovereign, thus clears the people of Fontaine from their 'Original Sin', and making them - including Furina - fully human. As the result, the Hydro Archon's divine throne is destroyed - hence there will be no further Hydro Archons and the Oratrice is no longer functional - and the people of Fontaine can no longer be dissolved by the Primordial Sea water.
Due to the extreme exhaustion and stress she endured for the last 499 years, Furina leaves the Palais Mermonia and Opera Epiclese, where she settles down in an apartment.[34]
? years ago
Karl, Rene, and Jakob explore the Khaenri'ahn ruins in Vourukasha Oasis and Madinat al-Nuhas, guided by the Order of Skeptics. During the trip, Jakob's weak constitution caused his health to deteriorate. Unbeknownst to Karl, Rene went behind his back and used Abyssal power to save Jakob. During this trip, they also deduce the "world-formula" from the records they found in the ruins, predicting a second flood period which would destroy Fontaine in the next few centuries.
Jakob and Rene return to Fontaine and soon discover Elynas' remains. They begin conducting secret experiments on the remains, namely by having Jakob absorb Elynas' blood. After some time, he became able to survive without eating by subsisting mainly on Elynas' flesh.
During their research into Elynas, Jakob and Rene bump into their childhood friends Alain and Mary-Ann. They are accepted into the Institute of Natural Philosophy following Alain's recommendation.
Rene begins recruiting researchers from the Institute of Natural Philosophy into a secret society he has named the Narzissenkreuz Ordo, created to help Fontaine survive the coming apocalypse that he and Jakob had predicted.
Jakob and Rene conduct a failed experiment to try to save the life of Carter Scherbius, Alain's sickly research assistant who the two had grown close to. However, the experiment goes horribly wrong and Carter is left in a semi-conscious state with the tissues of his body destroyed, leading Alain to cut off ties with them.
Some time after the split, the Guillotin siblings become members of the Marechaussee Phantom. Alain creates a mechanical assistant prototype and names it Seymour, tasking to always accompany and protect Mary-Ann.
Lyris returns to Fontaine, although she spends her days alone in the remains of the Narzissenkreuz Institute longing for the past. Rene and Jakob eventually find her and convince her to join the Ordo.
Rene decides to become "the first subject" of his radical experimentation and have his personality removed, using the Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz alongside Lyris' purified essence to dissolve himself into a pure base personality for the gestalt. However, the ritual was a failure, and Rene is almost dissolved completely into the pure waters, only partially saved by Jakob through some unspecified method.
Jakob takes over as the de-facto leader of the Ordo. During this time, the construction of the Tower of Ipsissimus, the Ordo's base of operations, is finally completed.
Jakob eventually creates a Hydro Tulpa to store Rene's disembodied consciousness, using Lyris’ essence, Alain's pocketwatch and Carter's corrupted remains as the basis for his body. He names the new body "Narzissenkreuz," and the newly reborn Rene returns to leadership at the Ordo.
Narzissenkreuz then uses what remained of Carter's body to create Caterpillar, a hilichurl endowed with sentience. He also teaches Caterpillar human speech.
Emanuel Guillotin is assigned to investigate the Ordo. However, he, along with the Champion Duelist Marfisa, are ambushed and absorbed by Narzissenkreuz. From absorbing their memories, Narzissenkreuz learns that the Court of Fontaine is hot on the Ordo's trail.
~400 years ago — Narzissenkreuz orders Jakob, Caterpillar, and Lyris to enter Elynas' remains, a ploy to draw the attention of the Marechaussee Hunters away from himself. Mary-Ann and Seymour are among those sent to Elynas to arrest the Ordo members.
During the battle, someone triggers an explosion which causes multiple human casualties and damage to Elynas' remains. Mary-Ann is fatally wounded and, for reasons unknown, has her personality absorbed by Lyris. Seymour is also heavily damaged. Jakob, however, survives the incident.
The Melusines are born from the wounds in Elynas' remains, caused by the shrapnel of destroyed clockwork meka flying through the air from the explosion and piercing through its body.
Narzissenkreuz falls into the Primordial Sea hidden beneath the Tower of Ipsissimus.
Caterpillar is found guilty of being an accessory to Narzissenkreuz's schemes and imprisoned in the Fortress of Meropide.
~400 years ago — Neuvillette is instated as the Iudex or Chief Justice of the Court of Fontaine.
The newly appointed Chief Justice of Fontaine brings the Melusines from Elynas into the rest of Fontaine for the first time. However, Fontanians were hesitant to accept Melusines into their society, believing them to be creatures of calamity due to an increase in "strange incidents," coupled with Neuvillette having just been appointed as the Iudex.
Carole is one of the first Melusines to live among humans in Fontaine. She worked alongside the then-leader of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, Vautrin, in order to foster goodwill and cooperation between the two species, in spite of the distrust towards the Melusines at the time.
5 years later, Neuvillette awarded Carole and Vautrin with the Medal of Peace for their hard work in developing the relationship between Fontainians and the Melusines. However, not long after, a group of hardliners opposed to Neuvillette, including Thibert and Suavegothe, committed a murder and successfully lured Carole to the crime scene. They then framed her for the murder and incited a crowd of people into ordering her detention, resulting in chaos between the Gardes and the mob. As a result, Carole committed suicide to pacify the situation. Vautrin subsequently became enraged by her needless self-sacrifice and sought revenge on the hardliners, killing them to exact his own form of justice. Neuvillette was likewise upset at the turn of events.
After being exiled to the Fortress of Meropide, Vautrin became a model prisoner and established the Mutual Aid Society, which used a design similar to Vautrin's Medal of Peace as their badge for the next 400 years.
400 years later, the Melusine Kiara would have a similar incident where someone threatened her, prompting Neuvillette to personally investigate to ensure an incident would not happen again. Kiara, who was kept inside the Palais Mermonia for her own safety, had a dream where she encountered Carole, who remarked that she was delighted to see the Melusines' dreams of living peacefully with humans come to fruition.
The Melusine Sigewinne, wanting to save a human friend, accepts a potion from her teacher to give her a more human-like appearance, with more natural skin and human hands. However, she ends up breaking an ancient Fontanian law regarding turning other species into human, resulting in her being sent to the Fortress of Meropide to serve out her sentence. She chooses to stay after her sentence is lifted to help the inmates with medical needs.
? years ago — Alain leaves the Marechaussee Phantom and establishes the Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering.
Recent Past (<100 years ago)[]
"The Two Musketeers Incident" - An assassin hired by Morris murdered Elisa to cover up his illegitimate relationship with her. This murder was witnessed by their children - Baptiste and Veronique - leading them to seek revenge against Morris. Twenty years later, Baptiste would pen "The Two Musketeers," a novel-turned-biography, while Veronique had trained to become a musketeer herself.
? years ago ― Wriothesley is adopted by a seemingly great couple who have also adopted other children.
Later, Wriothesley would learn that the couple had only raised him, as well as their other adopted children, for the purposes of human trafficking; the children who were sold were never seen again, and those who didn't sell were simply "disposed of."
Upon learning the truth behind his "adoptive parents," he killed them and set all of the remaining children free. He was then convicted for his crimes, and sent to the Fortress of Meropide. Eventually, he routs the previous administrator after declaring a duel against them, and ends up taking the post for himself.[35][36]
~3 years ago ― Callas, the president of Spina di Rosula, is accused of murdering Jacques, a Sinthe seller turned double agent who Callas had been working with behind the scenes to put an end to the Sinthe trade. In actuality, an unknown assassin hired by Marcel had shot and killed Jacques, and was in turn killed by Callas. Marcel then dissolved the assassin's body with water from the Primordial Sea, erasing any evidence that would have exonerated Callas.
Rather than risk Navia's safety by testifying agains the Sinthe producers in court and provoking them, Callas chose to maintain his innocence through a duel rather than go through a trial. Before dying at the hands of Clorinde, he told her to take care of Navia, a final request which she accepted.[37]
? months ago ― The Kamera is redeveloped[Assumption 3] in Fontaine and spreads to other nations.[38]
Notes[]
Lore Discrepancies[]
Translation Notes[]
Editors' Assumptions[]
↑ As Neuvillette has memories of the "great war of vengeance", this makes it the earliest point in time when the original Hydro Dragon could have died. As Egeria's existence prevents the rebirth of a new Hydro Dragon, there is little possibility for an incarnation to have been born between the original one and Neuvilette's present form.
↑ Assuming that each "scene" is a day, these events happened 182,376 days, or over 499 years and 3 months, before The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur. However, the in-universe date of that quest is not known, and Bennett's birthday and his mails imply that the civil calendar used by Teyvat is either the Julian calendar or the Gregorian calendar without making it clear which one is being used. As a result, it is unclear how many days beyond 499 years and 3 months passed.
↑ The Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual World Quest series reveals that Kameras existed 500 years ago, and the Memento Lens was built for such a device. However, that technology was lost over time. It is unclear whether Fontaine's Kamera was built using restored ancient technology or if it was created independently.
References[]
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act II - As Light Rain Falls Without Reason, Part 3: When All Return to the Waters
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act I - Prelude of Blancheur and Noirceur, Part 2: The City of Rains and Remembrance
↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 Wind Glider: Wings of Merciful, Wrathful Waters
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act IV - Cataclysm's Quickening, Part 4: Calamitous Tread
↑ Book: The Byakuyakoku Collection, Vol. 2 - Before Sun and Moon
↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 Book: The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria
↑ World Quest, Canticles of Harmony: Finale - Requiem, Part 1: Fortune Plango Vulnera
↑ 8.0 8.1 Artifact, Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy: Harmonious Symphony Prelude
↑ Archive, Living Beings, Enemies and Monsters, Mystical Beasts: Primordial Bathysmal Vishap
↑ Neuvillette's Character Story: Vision
↑ World Quest, Canticles of Harmony: Second Movement - Prisoner In Shackles, Part 1: The Last Day of Remuria
↑ Interactable: Ancient Natural History Excerpts
↑ 13.0 13.1 Event Wishful Drops World Quest: Life Flows On (II)
↑ 14.0 14.1 Archon Quest Apocalypse in Chapter IV: Act V - Masquerade of the Guilty
↑ 15.0 15.1 15.2 Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act IV - Cataclysm's Quickening, Part 3: Secret Keepers and Forbidden Zones
↑ Book: The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria, Vol. 1
↑ 17.0 17.1 Weapon Ascension Material: Essence of Pure Sacred Dewdrop
↑ Book: La Chanson d'Erinnyes, Vol. 1
↑ Artifact, Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy: Ancient Sea's Nocturnal Musing
↑ 20.0 20.1 Artifact, Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy: The Grand Jape of the Turning of Fate
↑ Weapon: Splendor of Tranquil Waters"In the name of the Mother Goddess [Egeria], we swear to retrieve the Pure Grail and shatter the shackles that confine her.""For only in this way can we wash for the sin we have borne since birth away, and avoid a similar death." [...]"Please tell me, this I plead, how the descendants of all seas might avoid disaster." [...]And so the kindly goddess told the supplicant [Erinnyes] what she had once told the King of Fortuna.
↑ World Quest, Canticles of Harmony: Third Movement - Pharsalia's Rhapsody, Part 1: Gradus ad Capitolium
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Spring of Pure Sacred Dewdrop
↑ Weapon: Song of Stillness
↑ 25.0 25.1 Weapon Ascension Material: Golden Goblet of the Pristine Sea
↑ Artifact, Golden Troupe: Golden Night's Bustle
↑ Weapon: Splendor of Tranquil Waters
↑ Artifact, Vourukasha's Glow: Vibrant Pinion
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act III - A New Star Approaches, Part 2: Equilibrium
↑ Zhongli's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Weapon Ascension Material: Bit of Aerosiderite
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act V - Masquerade of the Guilty, Part 5: The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur
↑ Artifact Set: Vourukasha's Glow
↑ To Yesterday in Furina's Story Quest, Animula Choragi Chapter: Act I - "The Little Oceanid"
↑ Story Quest, Wriothesley, Cerberus Chapter: Act I - Reborn in the Land of Grievances, Part 3: It's What He Deserves
↑ Wriothesley's Character Story: Character Story 2
↑ Archon Quest Chapter IV: Act II - As Light Rain Falls Without Reason
↑ World Quest: Snapshots
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
OverviewCultureHistoryGallery
This page is in need of information.Can you help out? Click here to add more.More info from new content. Military section missing info about armada and Melusine.Images of NPCs for fashion.
Contents
1 Life in Fontaine
1.1 Cuisine
1.2 Music
1.3 Technology
2 Designs, Motifs, and Symbols
2.1 Character Cards
3 Economy
4 Fashion
4.1 Men's Fashion
4.2 Women's Fashion
4.3 Gardes Uniforms
4.4 Sailor Uniforms
4.5 Aquabus Operator Uniforms
4.6 Spina di Rosula Uniforms
4.7 Diving Suits
4.8 Champion Duelist Outfits
4.9 Fortress of Meropide Guard Uniforms
4.10 Melusine Fashion
4.11 Dog Fashion
5 Festivals and Holidays
6 Languages
7 Politics
7.1 Military
8 References
9 Navigation
Life in Fontaine[]
When Liben visited Fontaine, he states that the locals are quite antsy, and they believe that some type of "judgement" is soon to come.[1] This could be related to the prophecy which states that the people of Fontaine, excluding the Hydro Archon, will eventually dissipate into water.[2] After the prophecy passed, people do not worry about it any longer and continue on with their daily lives.
Like in other nations, humans make up the majority of the population, but there are also other species, humanoid beings such as the Melusines, and once upon a time, the Oceanids.
Fontaine has their own flowers, which have hidden meanings behind them; gifting a Rainbow Rose signifies attachment and romance,[3] a Romaritime Flower loyalty and unswerving oaths,[4] a Lumidouce Bell separation and a desire to return.[5] There are alternate meanings for some flowers, however these are less used and usually for special purposes.[6]
Diving is a popular activity in Fontaine, with some even using it for their daily livelihoods. Non-Vision holders have to use a large, bulky diving suit to go underwater, while Vision holders regardless of each nation can simply go in without any issue.[7]
Though the nation itself appears to be in relative calm, there are plenty of criminal activities hidden from public view; banditry by the Treasure Hoarders are a commonplace outside of the Court of Fontaine, and there are many criminal organizations, ranging from syndicates like the Borja Family to more dysfunctional groups like the Elegant Tableware Confrerie. The upper classes of Fontanian society also appear to engage in child trafficking by exploiting loopholes in the law, as shown with Lyney, Lynette and Wriothesley in their youth.[8]
In the Fortress of Meropide, the prisoners have their own set of lives as they are not under the jurisdiction of the Court of Fontaine despite being their de facto prison. The prison's inhabitants make use of the terms overworld (the surface) and underworld (the prison). As the prison has a very notorious reputation among the law-abiding, people who are sentenced there and finish their sentences are generally ostracized even after release. Wriothesley, the current Administrator, sees the prison as a land of "rebirth" and his relaxed policies, coupled with the potential ostracization upon returning to society, has resulted in some people deciding to stay even after their sentences are finished.
Cuisine[]
Fontaine's cuisine is usually refined and elegant. Navia enjoys making macarons and tea time appears to be fairly popular among the higher classes of society. There is a large number of foods offered, from casual options such as Fish and Chips, to lavish dishes such as Fontainian Foie Gras. Fonta is a popular drink in the nation, which is usually sweet and colorful, though attempts have been made to branch out into other flavors.
Similarly to the people of Mondstadt, Fontanians are generally not fond of spicy food.[9]
Due to how Melusines perceive differently compared to humans, their form of cuisine, similarly to the Aranara, is usually considered unfit by humans for consumption.
Music[]
Rock 'N' Roll music originated in Fontaine.[10]
Technology[]
Fontaine's people are particularly technologically savvy, although not as much as in Snezhnaya. Alain Guillotin was a pioneer of Fontaine technology in the times after the cataclysm, inventing kinetic cores, the Arkhe energy system, clockwork mechanisms (and the subsequent Clockwork Meka), and establishing the still-operational Fontaine Research Institute.[11] Like Snezhnaya, some Fontanians use guns, though not as widespread.
The Mikage Furnace was developed in Inazuma by several experts from Fontaine, one of them being Xavier. When the core went critical and threatened to leak Tatarigami energy, Xavier was able to develop a containment barrier, and later on made a device to eventually purify it.[12][13]
The Kamera originated from Fontaine.[14] There also exists a video variant, the Film Kamera.[12][15]
According to Santon, the air in Fontaine is toxic, presumably from pollution.[16]
Clockwork Meka are a series of automatons built by the people of Fontaine, which utilizes Arkhe, an energy system unique to the region which is divided into two categories; Pneuma and Ousia, while combining both results in Annihilation energy. While the Clockwork Meka can be used for menial labor and entertainment, they can also be modified for combat purposes, such as the Icewind Suite[2] and Gardemeks. Other powered Clockwork Meka include the Mekafish, meant to help maintain Fontaine's waters, though issues had arose such as them eliminating all nearby sources of life to do so. The process of making Pneumousia is unknown, though Neuvillette is states that he has full control over it after regaining his powers.
The other energy source used was Indemnitium. It is generated from the process of "judgment" by the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale, a machine created by Focalors that "harvests the people's belief in justice" and converts it into energy.[2] According to Focalors, the amount of Indemenitium the Oratrice stored would be enough to power Fontaine for millennia were it not used for her own execution. 
Designs, Motifs, and Symbols[]
The overall shape of Fontaine Character Cards is a large circle with a darker ridge pattern covering the circle's inner edge. To either side of the circle's center are circles with symbols nestled in the troughs of the ridges, presumably. At the top of each Character Card is the character's Vision showing their Arkhe attribute: either Pneuma or Ousia.
In clockwise order:
Top right appears to be two back-to-back Melusine with fish tails. It is the emblem of the Gardes.
Center right is an anchor being wrapped by a vine with two roses and thorns, the emblem of Spina di Rosula.
Bottom right is an emblem representing the Pneumousia gears of Clockwork Meka, possibly representing the Fontaine Research Institute.
Bottom left is the emblem of The Steambird, depicting their mascot Sir Arthur, a clockwork bird wearing a top hat, within a gear.
Center left is a three-headed wolf-shaped emblem, the emblem of the Fortress of Meropide.
Top left are stylized scales, the insignia of Furina, the former Hydro Archon before her abdication following the events of Masquerade of the Guilty.
Character Cards[]
Furina's Character CardSigewinne's Character CardEmilie's Character Card
Economy[]
The Steambird is a newspaper that hails from Fontaine. They have readers and writers all over Teyvat. Currently, there are two known columns affiliated the newspaper; "All Things Astrological," overseen by Mona,[17] and "Teyvat Food Notes," overseen by Long Erjun. Besides the columnists, Charlotte is a reporter covering the news.[18]
Fontaine also exports their technology to other nations. Due to the intense mechanical nature of Fontaine's products, there appears to be a lack of organic items, which are in high demand.
Lumidouce Harbor primarily handle's the nation's exports and imports[19]; while some ships are present in Romaritime Harbor and even has an Aquabus line dedicated to it, to the south is the Girdle of the Sands, a vast desert with few travelers and many dangers.
Fashion[]
There seems to be a clear divide in clothing styles between the Court of Fontaine Region, which has more formal and decorated clothing, and the more simple and practical wear of Fleuve Cendre and other areas outside of the city.
Most non-uniform clothing — both men's and women's — come in a variety of color schemes. These tend to feature various shades of blue, purple, yellow, green, red, and brown. In some cases, outfit recolors slightly change the pattern of certain aspects of the outfit (see Aurele vs. Cava or Antila vs. Eloffe).
Men's Fashion[]
Boys' attire (Olivier)Men's attire, version 1 (Xavier)Men's attire, version 2 (Batasso)Men's attire, version 3 (Livre)Men's attire, version 4 (Virgil)Men's attire, version 5 (Earnshaw)Men's attire, version 6 (Maillardet)Men's attire, version 7 (Hugues)Elderly men's attire (Thurel)
Boys' clothing seems to be inspired by the kind popular in Europe between the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The first and second versions of adult men's attire, however, are more similar to those from the mid-to-late 19th century, as that was when that style of cravat/bow-tie and waistcoat were most popular. The third version is closest in style to the late 18th to early 19th century, due to the jabot and longer coat being hallmarks of the period.
Women's Fashion[]
Girls' attire (Veta)Women's attire, version 1 (Luzerne)Women's attire, version 2 (Euphrasie)Women's attire, version 3 (Dolora)Women's attire, version 4 (Trudaine)Women's attire, version 5 (Coralie)Women's attire, version 6 (Estelle)Elderly women's attire, version 1 (Bracari)Elderly women's attire, version 2 (Yvette)
The second and fourth versions of women's attire seem to be inspired by the fashion of the Belle Époque, which is characterized by decorated hats, lace blouses, and straight falling skirts. The first, third, and sixth, in contrast, are less based directly on historical dress and more on modern subcultures that take inspiration from history, such as steampunk and lolita.
Additionally, maid outfits in Fontaine (Argalia) are identical to those in Mondstadt (Hillie). This makes Fontaine the only other region where this style of maid outfit is considered standard.
Gardes Uniforms[]
Men's uniform (Bruneau)Women's uniform (Gracie)Melusine uniform (Blathine)
Sailor Uniforms[]
Men's uniform, version 1 (Baltasar)Men's uniform, version 2 (Lectoure)Women's uniform (Alcina)Male captain's uniform (Xugney)Female captain's uniform (Galathee)
Aquabus Operator Uniforms[]
Melusine uniform (Elphane)
Spina di Rosula Uniforms[]
Attendant uniform (Melus)
Diving Suits[]
Men's diving suit (Yves)Women's diving suit (Linorea)
Champion Duelist Outfits[]
Men's Champion Duelist attire (Savinien)NPC Clorinde.pngWomen's Champion Duelist attire (Clorinde)
Fortress of Meropide Guard Uniforms[]
Men's uniform, (Estienne)Women's  uniform (Galvana)
Melusine Fashion[]
Melusine attire, version 1 (Cosanzeana)Melusine attire, version 2 (Puca)Melusine attire, version 3 (Rhemia)
Dog Fashion[]
Working dog's attire (Baguette)
Festivals and Holidays[]
The Iridescence Tour is described as a famous music festival that originates from Fontaine and run by several organizers.[20]
The Fontinalia Festival is a festival to commemorate the Lochknights' search for the Oceanids and welcoming of Egeria to Fontaine as its Hydro Archon. The Fontinalia Film Festival, which was added to the festivities, was organized by the Fontaine Film Association to introduce the art of cinematography to the public. People may submit films to be evaluated, and the entry with the highest score will be given the "Furina Award" by the Fontaine Film Association, although nobody changed the award's name following the events of Masquerade of the Guilty.[21]
Furina's birthday is a public holiday in Fontaine; although no longer the ruling Hydro Archon, her birthday remains a holiday.[22]
Languages[]
In the Inazuma World Quest Series Tatara Tales, Xavier states that people in Fontaine use the phrase c'est la vie, which is French for "That's life."
Politics[]
According to Yanfei, Fontaine has a notoriously complex law system in place.[23] This was partially in part due to the Hydro Archon Furina prior to her abdication, who lived for the spectacle of the courtroom: seeking to judge the other gods, but knowing not to make an enemy of the divine. Individuals from Fontaine appear to be judged by the court for their responsibilities when performing tasks. According to Patrice, the tiniest infractions are considered crimes that can come with severe punishment, even if it may seem trivial in other nations. For example, it is illegal to eat ketchup on its own, as it must always be served as a condiment,[24] and even eating cake meant for the Archon can be punishable with jail time.[25] Poaching is considered a serious crime, punishable by death.[16] However, the death sentence is rarely carried out; only one instance of it had occurred since the creation of the Oratrice, where it was used against the throne of the Hydro Archon.
The Maison Gestion handles administrative work, such as archiving cases and processing papers. Many of their workers are generally overworked to the point that they are prone to fainting from exhaustion.
Before a trial begins, the accused are given the option to face a Champion Duelist instead to maintain their honor. However, the Champion Duelists are some of the strongest fighters in the nation, and thus it is very rare for one to prevail over them. The duel lasts until the accused gives up, though as many tend to maintain their honor to the very end; this option is usually the equivalent to the death sentence. The court is maintained by Neuvillette, who originally used the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale to assist him in his judgement, though he no longer does so following its deactivation.
The Fortress of Meropide is where the sentenced are held after a trial, and while it has a notorious reputation among the law-abiding, the prison itself is actually an independent entity outside of the Court of Fontaine's jurisdiction with its own rules and regulations, with Wriothesley serving as its administrator.
The God of Justice is not the one of the original Seven. The previous Hydro Archon, now deceased, sent the Oceanids across Teyvat to spy on the people to connect them to the world. After her passing, the Oceanids refused to acknowledge the God of Justice as the Hydro Archon and continue on with their former master's request.
Following the death of Focalors, the throne of the Hydro Archon, and the disabling of the Oratrice, all related duties to the position are now handled by Neuvillette, the Hydro Dragon Sovereign.
Military[]
Around the time of the cataclysm, the Narzissenkreuz Institute seems to have taken part in protecting the people of Fontaine and/or the whole of Teyvat, with its Director and Vice Director dying while joining the fight to stop the cataclysm.[26] After their deaths, some of the surviving members decided to "protect the realm" by joining the Marechaussee Phantom or the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol.[26]
Apart from the Gardes—human law enforcement officials—the Clockwork Meka also serve as the primary force to minimize human casualties, known as Gardemeks. Clockwork Meka can also be bought by the rich and/or influential, though many others have fallen into the hands of criminals and others violently malfunctioning.
During the cataclysm, Fontaine also had an active navy known as the Fontaine Armada that also protected the nation; it is not known if a navy exists in the present day. The Fontaine Armada was pursuing Elynas, a great beast that had appeared during this time and caused severe pollution to the land and sea. The armada was tasked with stopping Elynas, following its path while attracting many abyssal sea creatures along the way, which sank several ships. By the time they reached Elynas, what was left of the fleet was likely destroyed. It is mentioned that a fleet still exists, though it has yet to appear in-game.[27]
References[]
↑ Event NPC Dialogue: Liben — Marvelous Merchandise (2022-11-28)
↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 YouTube: Version 4.0 Special Program
↑ Fontaine Local Specialty: Rainbow Rose (Description)
↑ Fontaine Local Specialty: Romaritime Flower (Description)
↑ Fontaine Local Specialty: Lumidouce Bell (Description)
↑ World Quest: Leroy: Queen of the Night's Aria
↑ Event Roses and Muskets Quest Act, Roses and Muskets: Act II: Fiction and Reality Inside and Outside the Frame
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act I - Prelude of Blancheur and Noirceur, Part 3: Lies Cast Shadows Under Gathered Lights
↑ Event Receiver of Friends From Afar World Quest: Receiver of Friends From Afar: Part I
↑ Xinyan's Voice-Over: About Xinyan: Rock 'N' Roll
↑ Event Vibro-Crystal/2023-03-14 World Quest: Vibro-Crystal Reharmonization
↑ 12.0 12.1 World Quest, Tatara Tales, Part 1: Tatara Tales
↑ World Quest, Tatara Tales, Part 5: Tatara Tales: Process Is Everything
↑ World Quest: Snapshots
↑ World Quest: "The Seventh Samurai"
↑ 16.0 16.1 World Quest: Where Are the Fierce Creatures?
↑ Mona's Character Story: All Things Astrological
↑ Event Duel! The Summoners' Summit! Quest: Round 1, Part 1: Commence! A Suspect Genesis
↑ NPC Dialogue: Cassigneul
↑ Event Labyrinth Warriors Quest, Part 1: A Tricky Situation
↑ Event Roses and Muskets Quest Act, Roses and Muskets: Act I: The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence
↑ Mail, Neuvillette: Merusea Village...
↑ Yanfei's Voice-Over: About Us: Relationships
↑ Neuvillette's Voice-Over: Something to Share: Laws
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act III - To the Stars Shining in the Depths, Part 1: A Tea Party Most Thorny
↑ 26.0 26.1 Artifact, Nymph's Dream: Odyssean Flower
↑ Wish-Fulfilling Treasure Hunt
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
There is currently no text in this page.
You can search for this page title in other pages, or search the related logs, but you do not have permission to create this page.
OverviewCultureHistory
See also: Timeline
A timeline of historical events in the Natlan region.
Contents
1 Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)
2 Notes
2.1 Editors' Assumptions
3 References
4 Navigation
Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)[]
>1000 years ago[Assumption 1] ― A historical figure named Tenoch, known for his giant obsidian club, recruited allies from each of the six major tribes of Natlan to defend Natlan against a "turbid black tide."[1]
>1000 years ago ― The Pyro Archon, Murata, held martial arts tournaments between Natlan tribes.[2][Note 1]
? years ago ― For reasons currently unknown, Vennessa's tribe — the Children of Murata — leave Natlan and wander the plains for many generations, until they run into Ursa the Drake 1010 years ago.[2] (See Vennessa's section)
Notes[]
↑ The Chinese version of the Manga Prologue calls Murata the God of War and the God of Pyro. Venti, while talking about Murata to Vennessa, says that "in our time," the tribes would hold martial arts tournaments in which all participants would promise to dedicate their victories to Murata.
Editors' Assumptions[]
↑ The event mentioned in the description of the Talking Stick predated the creation of Mare Jivari. Wanderer's Troupe, which lasted until around Vennessa's rebellion 1000 years ago, are said to had once been in Mare Jivari, ruling out the aforementioned event as the cataclysm.
References[]
↑ Weapon: Talking Stick
↑ 2.0 2.1 Manga, Prologue Chapter: Songs of the Wind
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
OverviewCultureHistory
Natlan is characterized by its adherence to "war," the Pyro Archon Murata's ideal.
Contents
1 Life in Natlan
1.1 Technology
2 Economy
3 Fashion
4 Languages
5 References
6 Navigation
Life in Natlan[]
Natlan's people are grouped into tribes, which have different rules.[1] During Tenoch's era, which happened prior to the creation of Mare Jivari, there was at least six major tribes in Natlan, though it is unknown how many there are now.[2] Alongside humans, a large number of more younger dragons reside in Natlan, having undergone years of development and evolution, co-existing with humans.[3] People of Natlan are also described as having "Saurian companions".[4]
One of the named groups/tribes of Natlan are the Nanatzcayan people, who work as miners near Natlan's border with Sumeru.[5]
In the past, the clans of Natlan would come together and hold tournaments in Murata's honor.[6] Whether this practice had been held during Vennessa's time or persists to the present is unknown; Vennessa's tribe left Natlan and became nomads, only passing down the art of war to their descendants. As a result, by her time, Vennessa and her people no longer had knowledge about their homeland.[7]
Despite the Traveler never having encountered a single person from Natlan, people from other nations are freely able to travel in and out of the country; Aikawa Susumu has visited Natlan personally and experienced their hot springs. According to him, Natlan is "a country of red-hot passion, both in name and climate."[8] Ranjit, another traveler, explains that the people of Natlan have reservations about leaving their homeland and thus are reluctant to leave, though he states it is not due to environmental factors.[9]
Another Inazuman who visited Natlan in his youth is Shousen, who witnessed the nation's art of boxing. He noticed that the locals trained using a method they called "shadow boxing", where boxers would practice sparring by imagining their opponents' actions and reacting accordingly. This technique inspired Inazuma's Shinryuu.[10]
Lectoure, a sailor in Romaritime Harbor, mentions that he has a "lady love" over in Natlan, but, since the place has different tribes with different rules, he's afraid he won't be able to integrate smoothly. He also states in his TCG dialogue that the place would be his first choice of a nation to settle down.
Adel, an NPC located in Bayda Harbor, speaks very highly of Natlan, stating that its population is energetic and that "their souls are forged for battle from birth", although they're not barbarians of any sort. He also states that they love street graffiti, showing off and comparing fashionable trinkets. He ends his dialogue by stating that Natlan is a "colorful, contradictory and charming place".
"War" is a daily part of life in Natlan, which Neuvillette likens to an "undying flame."[3]
Technology[]
By the times of Tenoch and Vennessa, people of Natlan have been using obsidian[2] and metal ores respectively from the region, with the ores of Natlan having a "divine flame" and quality above those of other regions, like Mondstadt.[11] The eastern part of Natlan is home to the Nanatzcayan tribe, who are renowned for their mining skills. They are also described as "skilled appraisers of gems".[5]
Economy[]
Natlan's hot springs are renowned throughout Teyvat, with Inazumans taking great interest in it and incorporating it into their culture. Snezhnayans, being technologically savvy, developed a machine that gave an approximation of the hot spring for anyone to enjoy.[12]
Fashion[]
    Ranjit's Natlan-style hat  
People of Natlan, especially warriors, like wearing "Saurian imitation" that makes them look similar to their companions. A hat inspired by this fashion is visible on the Specially-Shaped Saurian Search event page.[4]
Languages[]
In addition to speaking the common tongue, it appears that Vennessa's clan had their own language,[13] which was presumably either a Natlan local language or a language derived from theirs, depending on how long ago Vennessa's clan left their homeland.
References[]
↑ NPC Dialogue: Lectoure
↑ 2.0 2.1 Weapon: Talking Stick
↑ 3.0 3.1 Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act V - Masquerade of the Guilty, Part 6: Finale
↑ 4.0 4.1 Event Specially-Shaped Saurian Search World Quest, Part 1: Search Chronicle: Burning Up!
↑ 5.0 5.1 Event Specially-Shaped Saurian Search World Quest, Part 2: Search Chronicle: Cold, Round Belly!
↑ Manga, Prologue Chapter: Songs of the WindVenti: Back in those days, warriors from every tribe would perform rites of combat and celebrate victories in her name.
↑ Manga, Prologue Chapter: Songs of the WindVenti: Speaking of which, where is your elder? He should have taught your people these knowledge.
Vennessa: [...] My people have spent generations wandering the seas of grass. [...] There was no time for legends or stories... The elders taught us what we need to survive... The art of combat.
↑ NPC Dialogue: Aikawa Susumu
↑ NPC Dialogue: Ranjit
↑ Event Phantom Flow World Quest: Phantom Flow: Phantasmal Blade
↑ Shackles of the Dandelion Gladiator
↑ NPC Dialogue: Mikawa Akane
↑ Manga, Prologue Chapter: Songs of the WindBarca Lawrence: I know you speak our tongue!
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
There is currently no text in this page.
You can search for this page title in other pages, or search the related logs, but you do not have permission to create this page.
OverviewCultureHistory
See also: Timeline
A timeline of historical events in the Snezhnaya region.
Contents
1 Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)
2 Recent Past (<100 years ago)
3 References
4 Navigation
Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)[]
<500 years ago ― For reasons yet unclear, the Tsaritsa cuts all ties with Barbatos.[1]
? years ago ― Pierro becomes the first of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers.[2]
Recent Past (<100 years ago)[]
Note: The bullets below are arranged in order of relative reverse chronological order, estimated based on characters' apparent ages.
8–4 years ago ― The following events presumably occur sometime between 8–4 years ago. The events are listed in a tentative chronological order, but there is no confirmation on when exactly they occurred relative to the present.
After running away from home in a fit of boredom, a 14-year-old Ajax (later known as Tartaglia or Childe) falls into the Abyss, where he meets a swordswoman called Skirk.[3] She teaches him how to navigate through the Abyss, trains him to fight, and hones his ability to cause chaos around him. After spending three months there, he returns to Teyvat, where only three days had passed since his disappearance.[4]
The newfound havoc Ajax left in his wake led his father to hand him over to the Fatui, where his uncanny prowess in battle caught the attention of Pulcinella, the 5th Harbinger. Ajax was officially inducted into the Fatui and worked his way up,[5] until he became the youngest-ever Harbinger to join their ranks.[6][7]
References[]
↑ Archon Quest, Prologue, Act III - Song of the Dragon and Freedom, Part 8: Ending Note
↑ Tartaglia's Character Story: Delusion
↑ Tartaglia's Voice-Over: About Skirk
↑ Tartaglia's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ Tartaglia's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Tartaglia's Character Story: Character Details
↑ Tartaglia's Character Story: Character Story 1
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
OverviewCultureHistory
Snezhnayan culture is often very cutthroat, relating to the harsh environment of the frozen nation. The Tsaritsa extends her sphere of influence to the other seven nations of Teyvat through the Fatui.
Contents
1 Life in Snezhnaya
1.1 Cuisine
1.2 Technology
2 Designs, Motifs, and Symbols
2.1 Character Cards
2.2 Fatui Emblem
3 Economy
4 Fashion
4.1 Men's Clothing
4.2 Fatui Uniforms
5 Festivals and Holidays
5.1 Krsnik Noc
6 Politics
6.1 Military
7 References
8 Navigation
Life in Snezhnaya[]
Due to Snezhnaya's harsh climate, people spend most of their time indoors and consider being alive to be a blessing in itself. There also seems to be a large emphasis on familial relations, as the Snezhnayans who have mentioned their family have been shown to be very close to them.[1]
Camaraderie, cooperation and straightforwardness generally appear to be valued in Snezhnaya. The Adventurers' Guild, a mutual help organization for adventurers, was established in Snezhnaya,[2] while the Archive descriptions for Fatui Skirmishers remark that despite leaving their families to enter a dangerous profession, they have "gained allies to stick through thick and thin with". Tartaglia states that while Fire-Water is loved by most, those who drink it and chat together out in the cold gain the other's complete trust.[3] Drinking an entire glass of Fire-Water in one go is the norm and considered to be very respectful.[4]
Snezhnayans also display remarkable devotion to their Archon, the Tsaritsa. Those who have been dispatched overseas and grown fond of their new country state that no matter the circumstances, they would never betray her.[5]
You make a pinkie promise, you keep it all your life. You break a pinkie promise, I throw you on the ice. The cold will kill the pinkie that once betrayed your friend, the frost will freeze your tongue off so you never lie again.—A Snezhnayan nursery rhyme
On the other hand, the strong sense of kinship and emphasis on loyalty makes them view any kind of disloyalty, betrayal, or "debt" as a deeply personal affront. This appears to be the most well-known aspect of Snezhnayan culture, as Paimon remarks that the above nursery rhyme "kinda says all you need to know about Snezhnayan culture,"[1] The Fatui have an entire "debt collection" division that hunts down those who owe any "debt" to the Fatui, whether monetarily or from somehow offending the organization.[6]
Cuisine[]
Seaside regions of Snezhnaya primarily eat seafood.[7] It is unknown whether this is true for all of Snezhnaya, or if this is largely limited to coastal towns. Snezhnaya is also known for its Fire-Water, an extremely powerful alcoholic blend.
According to Tartaglia, one authentic Snezhnayan dish is borscht, a name which in real life historically referred to various sour Slavic soups, but now usually refers to a red variety made with beetroots.[8]
Another real-life Slavic food mentioned in-game (by the Fatui) are pierogi, implying they may be a part of Snezhnayan cuisine.[9]
Technology[]
    Snezhnayan boilers powering mechanical gear drives  
Snezhnayan technology is undoubtedly superior to that of the other six nations. The Fatui military is notably the only known human faction in which all of its members are capable of elemental attacks, further highlighting their strength. The Fatui Skirmishers cover both ranged and melee departments, with their ranged fighters using guns or staves, while the Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard wields a massive hammer and the Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard wields a pair of boxing gloves. The Skirmishers are also capable of imbuing their equipment, enhancing both offensive and defensive power at the same time. While there is a potential danger of the equipment shorting out and paralyzing the user, Anemoboxers are able to recuperate and restore them.
The knives used by Fatui Agents are made with superior technology and meant to take advantage of human weaknesses.
Harbinger Il Dottore's former Ruin Guard research facility requires no human personnel to operate, saving on manpower costs. Alice also remarks that when she visited Snezhnaya, there were massive factories pumping out a wide assortment of items, which have yet to be seen in any other nation so far.
Designs, Motifs, and Symbols[]
See also: Symbols in Teyvat
The following designs, motifs, and symbols are typically seen on Snezhnaya-related parties.
Character Cards[]
    Tartaglia's Character Card  
Because the only two playable Snezhnayan so far are Tartaglia and Arlecchino, who are the two from the Eleven Fatui Harbingers, it is unknown whether non-Fatui Snezhnayans will have a different Character Card. (For example, there are two different Liyue Character Cards depending on whether the character is affiliated with the adepti or not.)
Fatui Character Card depicts eleven emblems, each representing a Harbinger, arranged in the negative space between the larger and smaller circles. It is assumed that the emblems are also their Constellations, as Tartaglia's (the bottommost one, Scaramouche's - now Wanderer's (the one at 4 o' clock direction), and Arlecchino's (the one at 3 o' clock direction) - are the same symbol used for their in-game Constellations, Monoceros Caeli, Peregrinus, and Ignis Purgatorius, respectively.
Full image of the Harbinger Card
Fatui Emblem[]
The Fatui emblem (unofficial name) is the logo of the Fatui that is typically seen on their masks and/or clothing and designate the person's affiliation with them. It depicts a stylized, filled-in Solomon's knot on top of another circular emblem.
Economy[]
Snezhnaya is the second-wealthiest nation in Teyvat after Liyue. This is primarily the result of Harbinger Pantalone, who determines Snezhnaya's economic policies[5] and is particularly driven to make Snezhnaya the wealthiest nation in all Teyvat.[10]
Using their factories to mass-produce household wares,[11] Snezhnaya exports their goods to other nations in Teyvat.[12]
Snezhnayan merchants had hoped to trade their Fire-Water with Mondstadt, but this was cut short when Diluc refused the offer, having been put out cold for three days after drinking it and realizing that it was too strong for Mondstadt's tastes.[13]
The Northland Bank and Adventurers' Guild were founded in Snezhnaya, and have established themselves across Teyvat, primarily in large cities.
Fashion[]
Men's Clothing[]
Boys' attire (Teucer)Men's attire, version 1 (Ivanovich)
Fatui Uniforms[]
Standard men's uniform (Vlad)Standard women's uniform (Nadia)
Festivals and Holidays[]
Krsnik Noc[]
Main article: Krsnik Noc
Little is currently known about Krsnik Noc beyond the fact that it is celebrated in Snezhnaya.[14] Ivanovich likens the festival mood during Lantern Rite to Krsnik Noc celebrations.
Politics[]
Currently, it appears that Snezhnaya is directly governed by the Tsaritsa and the Fatui. Some of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers also play vital roles in Snezhnayan politics, and sometimes become personally involved in matters regarding foreign relations.[12][15]
Most of Snezhnaya's foreign relations are handled by the Fatui, though their aggressive negotiation style and constant political and economic encroachment have given them a negative reputation. However, this does not seem to have greatly affected merchants who are not directly linked to the Fatui like Ivanovich and Maksim, who have not faced any explicit prejudice from natives. The Adventurers' Guild, despite hailing from Snezhnaya, also does not appear to have any negative reputation linked to it; however, it is also possible that its nation of origin is not common knowledge.
Domestically, little is known about the Fatui's reputation within Snezhnaya. However, it is hinted that ordinary citizens have little dealings with the Fatui on a day-to-day basis and see them largely as a military organization. Tartaglia claims he doesn't want his family "to have anything to do with the Fatui's... or should I say, Snezhnaya's... darker side."[1]
Military[]
The Fatui conscript Snezhnayans into military training, but the qualifications for conscription are currently unknown and it seems that not all who enter military training necessarily join the Fatui.[16]
Members of the Fatui military consist of Skirmishers and more advanced groups, sent to a region based on their higher-ups' orders. They are also divided by military rank, with the known ranks being recruit, sergeant and lieutenant. While powerful, Skirmishers do not operate on their own, but instead work with their comrades to surround and overwhelm enemies. The more higher-ranked members, such as Agents, Cicin Mages, Mirror Maidens, and Operatives typically operate on their own, relying on a Delusion rather than the elemental equipment that the Skirmishers are given.
References[]
↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 Story Quest, Tartaglia, Monoceros Caeli Chapter: Act I - Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!, Part 1: Across the Sea
↑ NPC Dialogue: Lan
↑ Serenitea Pot, Companion Dialogue: Tartaglia
↑ NPC Dialogue: Vile
↑ 5.0 5.1 NPC Dialogue: Andrei
↑ Archive, Living Beings, Enemies and Monsters, Fatui: Fatui Pyro Agent
↑ Tartaglia's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ Serenitea Pot, Companion Dialogue: Tartaglia (Friendship Level 7)
↑ World Quest, Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters..., Part 2: Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...
↑ Artifact Set: Pale Flame
↑ Book: Teyvat Travel Guide, Vol. 1 - Mondstadt Chapter[...] we might just build ourselves a perpetual motion machine that can support a huge factory like in Snezhnaya!
↑ 12.0 12.1 NPC Dialogue: Ivanovich
↑ NPC Dialogue: Vile
↑ NPC Dialogue, during Lantern Rite: Ivanovich
↑ NPC Dialogue: Goth
↑ Tartaglia's Character Story: Character Story 5
Navigation[]
 Lore
 TerminologyGeneral
Abyssal Corruption
Archon
Delusion
Descender
Divine Nail
Dragon
Erosion
Forbidden Knowledge
Four Shades
Ghost
Gnosis
God
Heavenly Principles
Hilichurls
Irminsul
Modifications
Ley Line
Martial Arts
Medicine
Mystic Arts
Realms
Light Realm
Void Realm
Realm of Consciousness
Seven Sovereigns
Symbols
Vision
Mondstadt
Dandelion Wine
Thousand Winds
Liyue
Dragonfall
Exorcist
Fantastic Compass
Historia Naturalis Liyue
Karma
Plaustrite
Rite of Parting
Seven Mountain Treatises
Solar Chariot
Sub-Space Creation
Zombie
Inazuma
Hyakkiyakou
Jade Steel
Jibashiri
Musou Isshin
Musou no Hitotachi
Plane of Euthymia
Shade of Tokoyo
Sunchildren
Tatarigami
The Five Kasen
Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri
Yougou Tengu
Sumeru
Akasha System
Anahitian Blessing
Diadem of Knowledge
Eleazar
Khvarena
Vasara Tree
Fontaine
Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale
Primordial Sea
Prophecy
Sinthe
Khaenri'ah
Art of Khemia
Azosite
Inteyvat
Ruin Golem
The Abyss
Foul Legacy Transformation
Other
Dodocommunication Device
Immernachtreich
Traveler's Original Sword
 The WorldHistory
Archon War
Cataclysm
Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
Liyue
Inazuma
Vision Hunt Decree
Sakoku Decree
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Languages andScripts
Teyvat Script
Latin-Based Language
Hilichurlian
Liyue Script
Inazuman Script
Sumeru Script
Deshret Script
Fontaine Script
Aranara Language
Culture
Hilichurls
Mondstadt
Liyue
Inazuma
Raiden Gokaden
Sumeru
Fontaine
Natlan
Snezhnaya
Khaenri'ah
Species
AranaraBake-DanukiDragonGodIlluminated BeastJinniMelusineOceanidPariSaurianSeelieTighnarianTri-Lakshana CreatureUmibouzuVishapYoukaiKitsuneOniTengu
Entertainment
Akademiya Extravaganza
Hot Pot Game
Iridescence Tour
Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament
The Crux Clash
 Historical Civilizations Mondstadt
Sal Vindagnyr
Decarabian's Mondstadt
Mondstadt Aristocracy
 Liyue
Guili Assembly
Sal Terrae
 Inazuma
Enkanomiya
Pre-Thunderbird Civilization
Thunderbird Civilization
 Sumeru
Ay-Khanoum
Gurabad
Saleh
Tulaytullah
 Fontaine
Remuria
 Festivals Mondstadt
Ludi Harpastum
Weinlesefest
Windblume Festival
 Liyue
Lantern Rite Festival
Moonchase Festival
 Inazuma
Irodori Festival
Mikawa Flower Festival
Summer Festival
 Sumeru
Akademiya Extravaganza
Sabzeruz Festival
 Fontaine
Fontinalia Festival
 Snezhnaya
Krsnik Noc
 MediaStory
Manga
Promotional Video
Story Teaser
Travail
A Winter Night's Lazzo
Version Trailer
Character
Character Demo
Character Detail
Character Introduction
Character Teaser
Collected Miscellany
Outfit Teaser
Other
A Journey of Art and Heritage
Birthday
Comics
Concept Art
Developer Insight
Developers Discussion
Extended Play
Long-Term Project
Gourmet Tour
Holiday Artwork
Paimon's Paintings
Scenery and Sentiment
Soundtrack
Special Program
Teyvat Food Notes
Teyvat Times
Video
Teyvat Travel Guide
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Author
Alice
Location
Vol. 1
Given by Lisa as a reward for completing the quest Lost Book.
Vol. 2
Given by Chang the Ninth as a reward for completing the quest Justice Is Its Own Reward.
Vol. 3
Sold by Kuroda and Murata after completing A Story for You in the Hues of the Violet Garden event.Sold by Kuroda after the Hues of the Violet Garden event.
Teyvat Travel Guide is a series of magazines published by the Adventurers' Guild.
The magazines include a short diary of Alice on her experiences in the various nation of Teyvat. Three volumes have been released so far, one each for Mondstadt, Liyue, and Inazuma.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Trivia
4.1 Translation Notes
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A magazine by the Adventurers' Guild. Each issue introduces great sceneries across Teyvat. This issue includes a short traveling diary of Alice the Traveler on her experiences in Mondstadt.
—Mondstadt Chapter—
Teyvat Geographic Special Edition – Alice's Mondstadt Diaries
Dadaupa Gorge
The three hilichurl tribes Meaty tribe, the Sleeper tribe, and the Eclipse tribe located in this valley are all densely populated. What if we built a huge spinning ball-shaped cell in the center of the valley and threw all of the hilichurls into it? That way we might be able to generate enough energy to power all the mills in Mondstadt for at least five years. If we took it one step further by grinding the hilichurls that are too old or too weak into food and feeding them to the strong ones, we might just build ourselves a perpetual motion machine that can support a huge factory like in Snezhnaya!
It seems totally feasible to me.
But when I told Miss Lisa about this idea, she just looked at me and pondered in silence for a long time, then changed the subject gracefully.
Starsnatch Cliff
The Anemo Archon is a bit too undisciplined for me. If I were a god, I would not have allowed my realm to look so unorganized and ragged. With enough bombs placed in proper positions, even huge cliffs like Starsnatch would crumble into dust in a second. With flatter terrain, Mondstadt would surely look much nicer.
But that unctuous Cavalry Captain rejected my proposal instantly. He even asked me to stay away from Starsnatch Cliff.
Windrise
At the center there is a huge oak tree. It is said that Vennessa ascended there. I searched around the tree for a long time but did not find any launching device.
I grabbed some hilichurls nearby to put my theory to the test. Sadly, the longest flying distance was from here to the hunters' huts around Springvale. How disappointing.
Falcon Coast
My unsuccessful experiment caused quite a stir in Springvale, so Miss Jean from the Knights of Favonius arranged someone to keep tabs on me. All I could do all day was to wander around at Falcon Coast. This is such a boring place. Those stupid eagles hovering in the sky and puffed-up Anemo Slimes all bored me to death! The worst of all was that I had nothing to do!
On the other hand, the Outrider girl who was sent to monitor me had quite a lot of fun with the kids.
Whispering Woods
Yet another forest in Mondstadt. This Outrider named Amber seemed to know her way around this place. The explosive toy she carried around caught my attention. With some tweaks, I could turn it into something that could blow this forest and even the nearby mountains into smithereens easily.
My proposal seemed to scare her. But an explosive stuffed toy is indeed a brilliant idea.
I must try it out next time.
Brightcrown Canyon
I finally got rid of that stalker from the Knights of Favonius. This valley I found at the northwest coast of Cider Lake is still guarded by ancient mechanisms, but the soldiers responsible for holding the pass for the King of Gales were nowhere to be found now. All the winds of time had left behind were the unintelligent hilichurls and silent mechanical guards.[Note 1]
My attempt to control Ruin Guards with hilichurls failed as well. The guard split into pieces, and as for the fate of the hilichurl strapped onto it... I will spare you the gory details. Half of the ruins were also destroyed in the process.
Stormterror's Lair
Brightcrown Canyon leads to this huge ruin of an ancient city which was built by the cruel King of Gales, Decarabian. The city was built in a ring-shape. It seems that every resident of the city had been arranged their own spot between the inner and outer rings. Right in the center of the city was the tall tower where the King of Gales resided.
The ruins of the domain of this cruel king, who once tried to control his people's lives, are now utterly deserted.
I blew up a few arcades so people can climb up the tower more easily. Looks quite good to me. The ruin feels more ancient now.
Vol. 2[]
A magazine by the Adventurers' Guild. Each issue introduces great sceneries across Teyvat. This issue includes a short traveling diary of Alice the Traveler in Liyue.
—Liyue Chapter—
Teyvat Geographic Special Edition – Alice's Travels in Liyue
Dihua Marsh
The northern stretch of the Bishui River turns into a wetland. If you look south beyond the Stone Gate you will see a Silvergrass marsh as far as the eye can see. At the southernmost point of the marsh is an inn sat atop a giant rock. That is the Wangshu Inn, the highest point on the entire marsh. Look south from there and you will see the Guili Plains. You can also make out the Guyun Stone Forest across the sea. Also – there's a weirdo staying at the inn on the top floor. I don't think I've ever heard him say a single word.
Lunch is a true feast at the Wangshu Inn. The kitchen is equipped with every utensil you could imagine – perfect for getting some practical alchemy experience.
On the topic of alchemy practice, I've got a few new things to test out in my search for an explosion catalyst. If everything goes smoothly, I'll spend a few more days here then head to the Guili Plains.
Guili Plains
In the end, I came to the Guili Plains a few days earlier than I'd originally planned.
Records suggest that prior to the Archon War, this area was a thriving marketplace.
The foxes and wild finches are stunning here, their fur and feathers have a certain glow about them. But I hear that they can be pests, too. Liyue locals complain that they keep eating their fruit offerings to the Geo Archon. I wonder if that gives them a fruity aroma when roasted? Maybe I should go hunting.
They run a strict operation at the checkpoint on the main road, but the guards who work there are friendly people. I made a potion from some local herbs and gave it to one of them for his stutter – it cured him, but it did have some minor side effects. He now can't help but constantly imitate everyone he comes across. Not just what they say, but the way they say it. It's uncanny how spot-on his impressions are.
Jueyun Karst
I'm told that somewhere amidst the misty peaks of Jueyun Karst lives an adeptus, the exact location hidden somewhere in the ocean of cloud. All the Liyue herb gatherers claim to have seen the realm of the adepti in all its glory revealed before their very eyes in the clouds. Based on personal experience, I can say that over-indulging on certain types of mushrooms can induce visions of a similar nature.
The terrain here fascinates me. So many of these Stone Pillars look like they belong deep underground, not here on top of a mountain. There is supposed to be an underground reservoir here. Part of me wonders if all the water was drawn out, perhaps Jueyun Karst would find itself back on the ocean floor where it belongs.
My travel companion Zhongli is the sternest person I know, but he seems most entertained by this theory. He won't stop laughing.
What an odd fellow.
Yaoguang Shoal
I've heard that the fog often rolls in off the sea onto Yaoguang Shoal, and when it's at its thickest you can barely see your hand at the end of your outstretched arm.
Unfortunately, I didn't make it here in time to see a foggy episode. It's a bit of a shame.
There are so many lovely shells on the beach. I wonder how many of them have been there since the Archon War? I strung some of them together to make a necklace, but unfortunately that fisherman from the inn sat on it and broke it... Every last shell, brutally crushed beneath his merciless buttocks. None were spared.
Not only that, but because he injured himself on the shards of broken shell, I had to pay his medical bills.
A giant sea-snail shell stands on the beach where the Bishui River enters the sea. A kind old lady lives inside. Her family is said to have sailed here on the giant shell, and she spends her time rescuing shipwrecked people who end up drifting near the shore. I think that repurposing the giant shell as a self-propelled boat would make it much easier for her to rescue people from the sea.
But after I lost control of my third prototype seashell-boat and it blew up, the kind old lady decided she was not going to rescue me from the sea anymore.
Guyun Stone Forest
This is the site where the Geo Archon defeated the sea monster. Some of the great stone Poles that pierce the ocean floor still tower above the surface of the sea, though many snapped long ago. The hexagonal Stone Pillars, formed from a conglomeration of Geo energy, are quite intriguing to look at. Viewed from above, one gets the impression that they were deliberately arranged in their current form to make a specific shape on the ocean surface. Maybe that was the real reason the Geo Archon rained down destruction on the ocean floor with his stone Poles? Maybe it was all just a big joke, albeit in extremely poor taste?
Zhongli from Liyue Harbor seems extremely knowledgeable on Liyue folklore, but I've never actually seen him come here. I can see the Wangshu Inn in the distance. I'll bet that weirdo I met there last time is still staring this way now.
The flow of the ley lines around here are unique in all of Liyue. Much more dynamic, somewhat unstable... It's as if a great, relentless power stirs somewhere in the depths of the ocean. Perhaps it is the defeated sea monster, still writhing on the ocean floor.
Vol. 3[]
A magazine by the Adventurers' Guild. Each issue introduces great sceneries across Teyvat. This issue includes a short traveling diary of Alice the Traveler in Inazuma.
—Inazuma Chapter—
Teyvat Geographic Special Edition — Alice's Inazuma Diaries
Mt. Yougou
Lush sakura trees grow all over this mountain on the northern end of Narukami Island. These sakura all share roots with the largest of them, the Sacred Sakura, which sits on the mountain's summit.
The Grand Narukami Shrine, greatest of the Inazuman shrines, is dedicated to this Sacred Sakura.
Little Yae has been the one managing the shrine in recent years. Ah, how she's grown! It's just a shame, really, to think that I can never again make her cry as easily as I used to.
Really, I'd thought that she'd quickly get drunk, start to cry, and start talking all silly, but she drank me under the table instead... I made a fool of myself in the process and was quite thoroughly mocked for it. Getting made out to be some old woman who got what was coming to her... Bah.
...And here I was looking to tease that little girl a bit more, too.
Inazuma City
I brought a new firework formula to that Naganohara kid's place. But when he heard me talking about a new medicine that might cure his deafness, he demurred and did not accept it.
This kid is ever the conservative about explosives, always diluting them to the point where they cannot cause any obvious physical changes to the environment, and always relying on the combustion of different metals to produce monotonous visual effects.
And he only does tests inside his workshop! I mean, come on, where's the fun in that?
Ah, such a waste, such a waste!
Now as for his daughter, Yoimiya, she's an interesting young lady. We collected a lot of sweets during the festival and tried all kinds of new formulae out. That was so much fun!
...And then we got packed off to a deserted beach by the fire brigade. Something about new rules with which to keep the peace in Inazuma City, or something similarly silly.
We discussed a lot of new ideas, and she even gave me some constructive feedback. A talented kid, this one is. If the paradise I made for Klee also had one of Yoimiya's fireworks performances, that would have been perfect!
It's just a shame that that grumpy general[Note 2] kept too close an eye on us — or else I'd have helped Yoimiya improve some of her gadgets, or even spirited her away.
This reminds me of the time, not long ago, when I was preparing a medicine that would allow for flight in the Imperial Kitchen. It blew up due to a mistake of mine, injuring a young tengu warrior to the point where her left wing would have needed, say, half a month to recover. I had wanted to help her patch the wound up, but it seems as if she's been avoiding me ever since...
Well, I left her some medicine all the same, just to see how its effects would turn out.
After that incident, it seems that person who spends all her time holed up in Tenshukaku has sent some soldiers specifically to watch my every move. I mean, that's a bit much.
I even apologized right to her face, but she just won't let up.
She was the one who'd allowed me to conduct experiments in the Imperial Kitchen in the first place, you know?
Also, Ms. Kamisato declined my idol group invitation for the sixth time running. Ah, what a disappointment.
Tatarasuna
Tatarasuna is an island chain that is naturally shaped like a ring. The mountains rise to overlook the sea, surrounding the large blast furnace in the middle. This is where Inazuman Jade Steel is produced and endlessly made into the best weaponry for the highfalutin bigwigs of Inazuma — ore made from the blood and bones of a defeated god.
This place is the Tenryou Commissioner's pride and joy, and as such, he takes extra good care of the workers and technical specialists.
I was accompanied during my time at Tatarasuna by a lady named Kagami Gozen. She seems to be a leader amongst the workers there, and has an official Shogunate post. Even though she's the Tenryou Commissioner's subordinate, she very much looks like his equal in front of the workers.
All of them trust and love her. I'd daresay that their respect for her dispatches might be even greater than what they give the Shogun... But Kagami Gozen herself frowns often. Very unfriendly-looking.
The Tatarasuna workers are largely rootless, washed up on these shores by the waves of history. Their many tattoos and working songs set them apart, but also strengthen their mutual bonds.
Like the other workers at Tatarasuna, Kagami Gozen's body has scars from high-temperature burns from Tatarigami. These may be signs of short-lived or ill people in the eyes of outsiders, but here, it is how they identify family.
I took the liberty of modifying the Mikage Furnace, throwing a few valves and panels into the sea and improving the containment dome, which back then could, at best, be rated "better than nothing." I wonder if those engineers from Fontaine will be pleasantly surprised?
Old man Kujou might get a little upset from production going down, but at least the furnace isn't going to go haywire from overheating, and I believe that even in the event of a war, which may soon come, the explosion should not be too large.
"Large" according to my personal standards, of course.
Hmm, actually, might my ingenious interventions perhaps prevent war from breaking out at all?
Well, I for one would be more than pleased to see the expressions on those astrologers' faces when their predictions come to naught! Hah!
Yashiori Island
Ah, the clear blue skies over Yashiori Island really are a pleasant sight.
Those stodgy onmyouji explained that the Raiden Shogun placed many "wards" over this place to prevent the corruption that seeps from the remnants of the serpent god... or something like that. I'm not good with their religious jargon.
As far as I can observe, those lamp posts are quite interesting. Although they have the appearance of items dedicated to the Electro Archon, the techniques used to make them are quite familiar to me.
Oh, whoa, would you look at that! This is supposed to be a travelogue, not some tedious academic paper!
We were warmly welcomed by Washizu, the head of Higi Village. The grilled fish and onigiri were great!
Also, that place they call Nazuchi Beach is full of friendly pirates... Ah, it's just a shame that I couldn't stay on this island for longer.
The mines on the island are busy places indeed, but the equipment they use there is quite backward. Even though the Shogun put all those wards down, blocking off most of the Tatarigami's spread, many miners have still contracted chronic illnesses from prolonged exposure to the influence of those snake-bone crystals.
The Sakura Mochi that the onmyouji brought with them are very tasty, but they're hardly the equal of the beauties that Little Yae makes.
I should probably pay a visit to Asase Shrine later. I wonder how that fat cat's been doing lately... I did try to catch it with a specially-crafted cage the other time, only to be stopped by that killjoy shrine maiden.
Trivia[]
The book's cover says TRAVEL GUIDE in the Teyvat Language.
Translation Notes[]
↑ "Northeast" is a mistranslation. The original Chinese text says "northwest" (西北), which is where Brightcrown Canyon is relative to Cider Lake's location on the World Map.
↑ "General" is a mistranslation. The original Chinese text says "shogun" (将军), as opposed to Kujou Sara's "general" (大将).
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishTeyvat Travel Guide—Chinese(Simplified)提瓦特游览指南Tíwǎtè Yóulǎn ZhǐnánTeyvat Travel GuideChinese(Traditional)提瓦特遊覽指南Tíwǎtè Yóulǎn ZhǐnánJapaneseテイワット観光ガイドTeiwatto Kankou GaidoTeyvat Travel GuideKorean티바트 유람 가이드Tibateu Yuram GaideuTeyvat Travel GuideSpanishGuía de viaje de TeyvatTeyvat Travel GuideFrenchGuide de voyage en TeyvatTeyvat Travel GuideRussianПутеводитель по ТейватуPutevoditel' po TeyvatuTeyvat Travel GuideThaiหนังสือนำเที่ยว TeyvatNangsue nam thiao TeyvatTeyvat GuidebookVietnameseHướng Dẫn Du Ngoạn TeyvatTeyvat Travel GuideGermanReiseführer TeyvatTravel Guide TeyvatIndonesianPanduan Wisata TeyvatTeyvat Travel GuidePortugueseGuia Turístico de TeyvatTeyvat Travel GuideTurkishTeyvat Seyahat RehberiTeyvat Travel GuideItalianGuida di viaggio di Teyvat
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 2.6
Teyvat Travel Guide Volume 3 was added to Kuroda's shop.
Version 2.1
An entry for Volume 3 was added to the Archive, although the book itself had not yet been made available.
Version 1.1
Teyvat Travel Guide was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Teyvat Travel Guide was released.
The Mondstadt Tower
Type
1 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
From Patchi the Curious in Thousand Winds TempleGrand Master's Office in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters
The Mondstadt Tower is a Book Collection that is found in Mondstadt.
It can be found in the Grand Master's Office in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters or obtained from Patchi the Curious in the Thousand Winds Temple.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Vol. 1[]
In the age of depression and tyranny, the outlander girl met the ominous orphan. Does this fateful encounter foretell a tragic ending?The historic romance novel, The Mondstadt Tower, begins!
In the time of the aristocrats, there stood a high tower in Mondstadt's plaza. It was built to honor Barbatos the Anemo Archon in name, yet in reality it was nothing more than a flamboyant display of wealth and power by the royal to gloat over the commoners. The one time in the year that the commoners living in these dark times could find a little solace was during Ludi Harpastum.
During one Ludi Harpastum, a wandering singer from a distant land arrived in the city. The name of the lass was Inès, and everyone at the festival was enchanted by her stunning beauty. People of all ages and all walks of life vied to catch a glimpse of her throwing the Harpastum and to hear her sing foreign ballads.
"The blessings of Barbatos are for everyone! You are only sinful if you are bitter at such a joyous occasion!"
As she sang these verses, she handed out her earnings during the festival to the poor and orphans in the city.
A frail figure stood amongst the crowds. He was the Seneschal, and he fell for her at first sight. But his religious piety filled him with a frustration at his inability to suppress the emotions he was experiencing, and her acts of charity, which violated the Church's right to aid to the poor, irked him all the more.
As is known to all, the beliefs of contemporary Mondstadters hold that the Anemo Archon Barbatos encourages people to seek love and pursue freedom, but in the dark ages the Anemo Archon slept, and the city of tormented by the tyranny of the nobles, the poverty of the commoners, and the ravage of the dragon; meanwhile, the self-proclaimed "orthodox" church — a mere figurehead, controlled by the ruling class — advocated abstinence from earthly pleasure to avert divine punishment. Under such circumstances, even the harp which symbolized the wind had been restricted to playing only those songs deemed "holy." However, the notion of "divine punishment" was little more than an excuse fabricated by the nobles to conceal their avarice and restrict the commoners.
"To let her stay in the city is to bewitch all its inhabitants. What wickedness will this witch bring?" The Seneschal pondered.
And so, the Seneschal plotted to hunt down Inès, and to confine her to the Cathedral while awaiting further instructions. As per the traditions of the time, the maiden chosen to throw the Harpastum should serve at the royal court for three days after the celebration, under the protection of the aristocrats. The Seneschal decided to send his adopted son, Octave, to sneak into the royal court and abduct Inès.
Octave was an unwelcome child, abandoned by his superstitious parents at birth and later raised by the Seneschal. As a child, he was persecuted and abused by the citizens, seen as a bad omen of draconic disasters. The only person who protected Octave was the Seneschal, who treated him like his own son and thus won his utmost trust.
"Bring the maiden who threw the Harpastum yesterday to me! Disturb no one and do not mention my name."
Under orders from the Seneschal, Octave climbed onto the balcony of the court chambers at nightfall. Upon seeing the girl weeping in the moonlight, his pure heart was stirred, for he had never seen such a wondrous sight. He gazed at the girl, leaving his task forgotten.
But the silence of the tranquil moment shared by Octave and the girl was interrupted by the servants...
Trivia[]
The book's cover and spine says MOND TOWER in the Teyvat Language.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Mondstadt Tower—Chinese(Simplified)蒙德高塔Méngdé Gāo TǎThe Mondstadt High TowerChinese(Traditional)蒙德高塔Méngdé Gāo TǎJapaneseモンドタワーMondotawaaThe Mondstadt TowerKorean몬드의 고탑Mondeu-ui GotapThe High Tower of MondstadtSpanishLa torre de MondstadtThe Tower of MondstadtFrenchLa tour de MondstadtThe Mondstadt TowerRussianБашня МондштадтаBashnya MondshtadtaThe Tower of MondstadtThaiหอคอย MondstadtHo khoi MondstadtThe Mondstadt TowerVietnameseTháp MondstadtThe Mondstadt TowerGermanDer Turm von MondstadtThe Tower of MondstadtIndonesianGedung Tinggi MondstadtThe Mondstadt Tall BuildingPortugueseA Torre de MondstadtTurkishMondstadt KulesiMondstadt TowerItalianLa Torre di Mondstadt
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
The Mondstadt Tower was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
The Mondstadt Tower was released.
Draft Hilichurl Ballads
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Draft Hilichurl Ballads is a series of drafts rewarded for completing the Poetry Exchange commission.
A Hilichurlian poem created by Ella Musk. According to her, this Recital of Friendship is the work of many hands. Still, you can't help but feel that something sounds a bit off when you read it...
Olah! Olah!
Yoyo mosi mita!
Nye, nye mosi mita,
Yeye mosi gusha!
Mosi gusha, mosi tiga,
Yeye kucha kucha!
Vol. 2[]
A Hilichurlian poem created by Ella Musk. According to her, this Stirring Narrative is the work of many hands. Still, you can't help but feel that something sounds a bit off when you read it...
Volume currently unavailable.
Vol. 3[]
A Hilichurlian poem created by Ella Musk. According to her, this Elegant Lyric Poem is the work of many hands. Still, you can't help but feel that something sounds a bit off when you read it...
Volume currently unavailable.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishDraft Hilichurl Ballads—Chinese(Simplified)丘丘语诗歌试作Qiūqiūyǔ Shīgē ShìzuòHilichurlian Poem DraftChinese(Traditional)丘丘語詩歌試作Qiūqiūyǔ Shīgē ShìzuòJapaneseヒルチャール語詩試作Hiruchaaru-go Shi ShisakuHilichurlian Poem DraftKorean츄츄어 시도작Chuchu'eo SidojakDraft Hilichurl PoemsSpanishAntología de baladas en hilichurlioAnthology of Poems in HilichurlianFrenchAnthologie de poèmes BrutocollinusAnthology of Hilichurl PoemsRussianПроба пера в хиличурлской поэзииProba pera v khilichurlskoy poeziiAn Attempt in Hilichurlian PoetryThaiบทเพลงของ HilichurlHilichurl's SongVietnameseMẫu Thơ Ca HilichurlGermanHilichurlische LiteraturHilichurlian LiteratureIndonesianNaskah Balada HilichurlHilichurl Ballad TextPortugueseRascunhos de Poemas de HilichurlsTurkishTaslak Dağ Yabanisi SeçkileriDraft HilichurlHilichurlHilichurlHilichurl Tooltip for HilichurlHilichurlⓘlit. "mountain savage" SelectionsItalianBozza delle ballate hilichurliane
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
Draft Hilichurl Ballads was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Draft Hilichurl Ballads was released.
This article is about the book collection. For the Genius Invokation TCG card, see The Legend of Vennessa (Event Card).
The Legend of Vennessa
Type
2 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Grand Master's Office in the Knights of Favonius HeadquartersFrom Dr. Edith at Windrise
Vol. 2
Grand Master's Office in the Knights of Favonius HeadquartersFrom Sayid at the Anemo Archon Statue plaza (daytime)
The Legend of Vennessa is a Book Collection that can be found in Mondstadt. 
It can be found in the Grand Master's Office in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters or obtained from Dr. Edith at Windrise and Sayid at the Anemo Archon Statue.
A popular song since the reconstruction of Mondstadt. It tells the story of Vennessa, the founder of the Knights of Favonius, in her early years as a slave in Mondstadt.
Friends of Mondstadt, let us revel! Drink to your hearts' content!
To freedom! To the Anemo Archon!
To Vennessa, the first Knight to grace this world!
Sons and daughters of Mondstadt, may the gift from the Anemo Archon be engraved in your hearts!
And let it be known that this gift is not freedom, but just defiance!
It transpired in ages past.
Friends, do excuse me for improvising,
For it should be clear as day, that the glory and freedom of Mondstadt
Were born when Barbatos struck the strings dolce.
Poems sing of heroic fame,
Yet to commemorate unnamed freedom should they aim.
Chained by royals, Mondstadt could barely suspire,
And festivities were but vanity games of the rich,
Beyond the grasp of the ordinary people.
A withering dungeon, Mondstadt was.
In slavery games the royal gaily relished,
Oblivious to their place, the inmates were.
A fiery-headed dame confined to a cell,
From the southern plains she did hail.
Born free but now bound by chains,
Though restrained by a tyrant her flesh remained.
Still her pious soul never ceased to pray,
For her people, for Mondstadt, for illusive freedom if she may.
Vol. 2[]
A popular song since the reconstruction of Mondstadt. It tells the story of Vennessa, the founder of the Knights of Favonius, in her early years when she met Barbatos, the Anemo Archon, as well as how she defeated the drake and overthrew the Aristocrats.
Friends of Mondstadt, let us revel! Drink to your hearts' content!
The day came when Barbatos answered her devotion.
The Anemo Archon sought her fiery hair and descended to her position.
"Every being deserves a name," the spirit grinned.
"To weave your fair name into a song I yearn,"
"I seek nothing but your friendship in return."
The girl happily reciprocated, her fears swiftly dissipated.
And so, to the battlefield she marched to Barbatos' singing voice,
The demonic dragon fled from her might and the people did rejoice.
Corpulent aristocrats crawled under tables at such a valiant sight.
"Mondstadt is freedom," the winds sang for their people in delight.
Lonely forest breezes converged, jointly they overthrew the tyrant's tower from the sky.
Broken free from shackles at last, the young lioness stood firm in the winds with her head held high.
And so, the fiery-headed dame won herself prestigious fame.
Her heart swelled with appreciation to sing by the Anemo Archon's side.
But no words of gratitude should she utter, Barbatos replied:
"You first conducted what now transpires in your song."
"You have entrusted me with your friendship and your name."
"To praise your freedom, my songs came."
Friends, let us drink some more!
For thence flows the freedom of Mondstadt.
When days become nights and faces fill with despair,
Never forget the heroic tales of Vennessa, the dame with the flaming hair!
Never cease to pursue freedom, even when the land is bare!
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Legend of Vennessa—Chinese(Simplified)温妮莎传奇Wēnnīshā de ChuánqíThe Legend of VennessaChinese(Traditional)溫妮莎傳奇Wēnníshā de ChuánqíJapaneseヴァネッサの物語Vanessa no MonogatariTale of VennessaKorean바네사 전기Banesa JeongiBiography of VennessaSpanishLa leyenda de VennessaThe Legend of VennessaFrenchLa Légende de VennessaThe Legend of VennessaRussianЛегенда о ВеннессеLegenda o VennesseThe Legend of VennessaThaiตำนานของ VennessaTam-nan khong VennessaThe Legend of VennessaVietnameseTruyền Thuyết Về VennessaThe Legend of VennessaGermanDie Sage von VennessaThe Legend of VennessaIndonesianLegenda VennessaThe Legend of VennessaPortugueseA Lenda de VennessaThe Legend of VennessaTurkishVennessa EfsanesiLegend of VennessaItalianLa leggenda di Vennessa
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
The Legend of Vennessa was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
The Legend of Vennessa was released.
Hilichurl Ballad Selection
Type
2 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Jacob Musk
Location
Vol. 1
Library in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters
Vol. 2
Ella Musk
Hilichurl Ballad Selection is a Book Collection found in Mondstadt.
Volume 1 can be found in the library in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters, while volume 2 can be obtained by initiating and following a certain dialogue path with Ella Musk.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Trivia
3.1 Hilichurlian Translation
3.1.1 1st Poem
4 Notes
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Vol. 1[]
The masterpiece of the Poet Laureate of Hilichurlian! Scholar Jacob Musk will show you the mysterious spiritual world of the hilichurls through this poetry collection!
A collection of hilichurl poetry compiled by the Mondstadt ecologist Jacob Musk. During the writing of this book, Musk traveled across the continent to visit every hilichurl tribe, even going so far as to venture deep into hilichurl settlements and become intimately acquainted with their lives. Musk was praised as the "Poet Laureate of Hilichurlian" for this book, but it is evident that neither the scholar himself nor the hilichurls were particularly fond of this honor. Jacob Musk, though enthusiastic about hilichurl studies, loathed to be associated with them even in his late years.
The first song:
Mi muhe ye
Mi biat ye
Biat ye dada
Muhe dada
Quite possibly a battle song sung by the hilichurls before combat. I have observed that when two or more hilichurls are present, they engage in frenzied brawling after singing this vulgar song.[Note 1]
The second song:
Eleka mimi-a-Domu
Mita domu-a-dada
La-la-la
La-la-la
Mimi mosi ye mita
The song is sung by hilichurls as they dance around totem poles.In my estimation it is some form of tribal hymn. It has an upbeat tone and is usually heard during festivals.
The third song:
Mi muhe mita nye
Mi muhe mita nye
Muhe nye
Muhe nye
Gusha
Biat, gusha
A melancholic hilichurl song I heard during an exchange with an elderly samachurl. Although I do not yet understand the literal meaning of the poem, the overwhelming sense of grief that comes through in the song is enough to captivate the best poets in my birthplace (despite such praise, I must admit the acrid smells coming from the elderly hilichurls were just as melancholic, and just as overwhelming).
Vol. 2[]
Are wine and poetry a part of the hilichurl lifestyle? Do they have pure and devout desires? Expert on the hilichurls, Jacob Musk, is here to answer!
The fourth song:
Celi upa celi
Sada shato lata
Kuzi unu ya zido
Unu dada
A song sung by Samachurls. Judging by the reaction of the chief, the song seems to bear a special philosophical meaning for the hilichurls. It may appear ridiculous in the mainstream academic circles, and I have no intention of casting doubt upon well-established views, but I feel obliged to say that the question of whether philosophical discourse truly exists among the Hilichurls is one that still fascinates me to this day, and may be deserving of further study.
The fifth song:
Nini movo muhe yoyo
Nini movo mimi tomo
Lata movo mosi yoyo
Celi movo celi yoyo
Much like the people of Mondstadt, the wind-worshiping hilichurl tribes often drink to excess and sing endless songs of praise to the Anemo Archon.[Note 2] This is a hilichurl ode that is often heard when they are inebriated.[Note 3]
The sixth song:
Unu, unu
Yaya ika kundala!
Unu, unu
Mita dada ya dala?
Unu, unu
Kuzi mita dada ye
Mita dada-a-mimi
A pious ode that is only sung by hilichurls during sacrifices.[Note 4] When performing this ode, the hilichurls often add percussion by beating the backsides of the weakest tribe members with planks, creating rhythmic ringing sounds. It must be quite painful.
The seventh song:
Mimi movo
Mimi sada
Mimi domu
Domu upa
Gusha dada
It appears that many hilichurl tribes share a tradition of exchanging songs around bonfires in the moonlight. This song is one such bonfire ballad sung by the chief at the end of the night. At the end of the song, the chief shouts "nunu" three times, which presumably carries the meaning of "sleep."
Trivia[]
The book's cover and spine says HILIPOETRY in the Teyvat Language.
Hilichurlian Translation[]
Based on current understanding of Hilichurlian, the poems may go as follows:
1st Poem[]
Original
Translation
Mi muhe ye
I triumph over you
Mi biat ye
I strike you down
Biat ye dada
Strike you down with glory
Muhe dada
Victory with glory
Notes[]
↑ The original Chinese text specifies that when two or more hilichurls are present, after one of them sings this song, all hilichurls present will quickly descend into a frenzied brawl. Jacob Musk then adds that the spectacle is incomparably intense.
↑ Mistranslation: The original Chinese text simply says that they sing endless songs of praise to the wind, rather than the Anemo Archon.
↑ The original Chinese text specifies that this song is sung by hilichurl shamans.
↑ The original Chinese text specifies that the ode is dedicated to the gods.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishHilichurl Ballad Selection—Chinese(Simplified)丘丘人诗歌选Qiūqiū-rén Shīgē XuǎnHilichurl Poem SelectionChinese(Traditional)丘丘人詩歌選Qiūqiū-rén Shīgē XuǎnJapaneseヒルチャール詩歌集Hiruchaaru Shiikashuu‍[!][!]Assumed readingHilichurl Poetry CollectionKorean츄츄족 시집선Chuchujok SijipseonCollection of Hilichurl PoemsSpanishAntología de baladas HilichurlAnthology of Hilichurl BalladsFrenchAnthologie de la poésie BrutocollinusAnthology of Hilichurl PoetryRussianСборник хиличурлских песенSbornik khilichurlskikh pesenHilichurl Songs CollectionThaiชุดบทกวีของ HilichurlChut bot kawi kong HilichurlCollection of Hilichurl PoemsVietnameseThi Ca HilichurlGermanHilichurl-Balladen – Eine AuswahlHilichurl Ballads - A SelectionIndonesianKompilasi Balada HilichurlHilichurl Ballad CompilationPortugueseAntologia de poemas de HilichurlTurkishDağ Yabanisi SeçkileriHilichurlHilichurlHilichurlHilichurl Tooltip for HilichurlHilichurlⓘlit. "mountain savage" SelectionsItalianAntologia di ballate hilichurliane
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
Hilichurl Ballad Selection was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Hilichurl Ballad Selection was released.
Diary of Roald the Adventurer
Type
11 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Roald
Location
Vol. 1
In a tent on the western side of Sal Terrae
Vol. 2
At a makeshift camp, southwest of Qingce Village, near the waterfall
Vol. 3
West of Dihua Marsh across the river, in a camp site northwest from the Teleport Waypoint along the coast.
Vol. 4
A camp east of Luhua Pool waypoint
Vol. 5
Camp on hill southwest of Statue of The Seven at Yaoguang Shoal
Vol. 6
Directly east of Sea of Clouds' Statue of The Seven, in a camp site over seeing the coast on a cliff.
Vol. 7
A camp southeast of the Statue of The Seven in Qingyun Peak
Vol. 8
In a tent atop the mountains south of Qingxu Pool
Vol. 9
At a camp below the "tsk" in "Entombed City - Outskirts" in Dragonspine
Vol. 10
On a right-hand crate after stepping off the gangplank in Ritou
Vol. 11
Behind a rock near the eastern Waverider Waypoint on Tsurumi Island. Requires the completion of The Saga of Mr. Forgetful.
Diary of Roald the Adventurer is a Book Collection found in various locations all throughout Teyvat.
This chronicles Roald's experiences exploring Liyue, Dragonspine, and Inazuma, reaching its conclusion at Tsurumi Island.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Vol. 7
8 Vol. 8
9 Vol. 9
10 Vol. 10
11 Vol. 11
12 Book Locations
12.1 Map
12.2 Context
13 Other Languages
14 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A diary left behind by the famed adventurer, Roald. The pages are littered with small amount of shiny but bitter salt crystals.
—Sal Terrae—
My shoes are completely waterlogged after trekking here from the banks of Dihua Marsh. The last time I took them off to pour the water out, a frog jumped out.
From the scale of this ruin, I suspect it is the temple that provided safe refuge for civilians during the Archon War several millennia ago. I've heard that the God of Salt built such a place. Liyue folklore holds that she was the gentlest of the gods. In the brutality and chaos of wartime, human beings were puny and disposable. But the Salt God refused to join the other gods in their senseless battle for dominance, instead choosing to give shelter to those dispossessed by the war. She brought them here to build a new settlement. She showed them kindness and comfort. And even as global upheaval ushered in the end of an epoch, she worked tirelessly to bring about a return to peace between the gods.
It seems that most parts of the ancient city have sunk into the riverbed of Bishui River. It's fortunate that the foundation of the temple is still here after all this time.
She amassed a group of followers who settled in the area now known as Sal Terrae and lived a humble existence. The city stood for several centuries, finally falling with the downfall of the god herself.
The gentlest of the gods fell not in battle at the hand of the other gods. She fell at the hand of one of her own people, the people she had loved so dearly.
He was the first king of the people, and also the last. He had once loved the God of Salt just as the rest did, but as a mere mortal, he ultimately could not fathom the self-sacrificial love the god embodied. He sought after military might, in the hope that the city might be able to hold its own in defense and attack. And so, to demonstrate that gentleness was a virtue unfit for the times, he took a sword and ended the life of the lone, defenseless god. No sooner had she met her demise than the temple itself collapsed, and the people's city crumbled like salt into the earth.
As for the treacherous king's fate, theories abound but none are certain. Some say he continued to reign in solitude from the ruins for centuries, finally turning to dust long after the cries of war had subsided, the ruins had been engulfed by the river, and insects had hollowed out his scepter. Other say that he took his own life after taking that of the god, unable to bear the guilt of deicide that weighed upon his conscience. In any case, the people on whom the Salt God had once looked so fondly became scattered across Liyue. In the safe haven of Liyue Harbor, under the rule of the Geo Archon, they and their stories survived, and that is why we still hear about them to this day.
Rumors say that the Salt God's body can still be found somewhere in the depths of the ruins. Though her body has turned to salt, it still maintains her posture from the moment she was struck by the king's sword.
It looks like we're in for some heavy rain: dark clouds are gathering as far as the eye can see. I'd better get moving. I'm going to head northwest to Mt. Qingce. Hopefully I can make it there before the rain gets too heavy. And hopefully it's not such a mad dash that I lose my diary en route...
Vol. 2[]
A diary left behind by the famed adventurer, Roald, at a makeshift camp. It still looks new, and smells like the fragrant herbs of Mt. Qingce.
—Qingce Village—
Leaving Dragonspine, I waded through rivers, walked across shoals carpeted with silver grass, and made my way through sun-dappled bamboo forests, before finally arriving at Mt. Qingce. My shoes and clothes were all soaked from the heavy rain. Luckily, the elders in the village were kind enough to let me hang my clothes in the assembly hall. They even prepared dry clothes and some food for me.
There were many children in Qingce Village. Sweet as they may be, they can become quite clingy. There were also many elders here. People living here seemed happy and carefree. The elders said that most of the young people had gone to work in Liyue Harbor. Many of them already had a family there and they would send money back every month. Having seen the prosperity and convenience of the city, it's hard for these young people to go back to the rural life here. Liyue Harbor has brought peace and prosperity to Qingce Village for the time being, but eventually it will also be the cause of its demise.
Legend has it that the word "Qingce" originated from the name of an ancient monster "Chi." "Chi," of course, is what we call it now in the contemporary language. But in ancient times, the people of Liyue pronounced it as "Qingce."
An elder said that thousands of years ago, Morax defeated the sea serpent and brought peace back to Liyue. After Chi died, its body turned to stone, its blood became water, and its scales are now the terraced fields. The monster's nest became what we now call Mt. Qingce.
But after a quick look, I believe the mountains consist of mostly rocks shattered by impacts from the outside. No traces of a hydro monster can be found in the rocks. Perhaps the corpse of Chi is long gone and this monster-turning-into-a-mountain thing is nothing but an ancient tale?
My next destination is the lake located amongst the stone peaks of Jueyun Karst. It is said that there is a labyrinth where the Adepti live. Let's see if I can find them.
Vol. 3[]
A diary of the famed adventurer, Roald, left by the lake. It tells of his plans after his adventures on Mt. Aocang.
—Aocang Lake, Jueyun Karst—
I seem to have lost yet another diary... I don't understand, I even made sure to say to myself three times: "Whatever you do, don't lose your diary." But then I got caught up in my adventure, and it went straight out of my head. I waste so much paper every year... I do hope the Dendro Archon won't mind.
I have arrived at a mountain lake located high on Mt. Aocang. To get here, I had to hike up a winding dirt trail, make my way across perilous wooden walkways built by herb gatherers in ancient times, and then scale a steep, wet cliff. I was told by some fishermen that the lake is a thousand furlongs deep, but after taking a dip in the water I can safely say that their statements were pure hyperbole.
The Qingce Village elders were right after all: the mountain lake's water is sweet and warm. This place certainly lives up to its reputation as a celestial paradise! Back when I had just arrived in Jueyun Karst, an old farmer told me that the adepti possess a mysterious magical ability that lets them turn into mist and roam in the sea of clouds. I dismissed it as an old wives' tale at the time, but seeing the way the mist over the lake rises up to the summit and merges with the sea of clouds, it does make me wonder... The adeptus I've been searching for could be roaming the clouds at the summit right now, for all I know, and I would be completely oblivious to it.
I headed east down Mt. Aocang and ended up thoroughly lost in a thick forest. Finally, I came to a clearing and discovered I was back at the banks of the Bishui River. I have an excellent view of the surrounding area here, so I think this is where I'll camp for the night.
While I was sorting through my things at the camp, I met a young lady who looked like she was out on a treasure hunt. She was called Eduardo, and she explained that she was heading west to look for a "Miraculous Lake" at the foot of Mt. Aocang:
"Legends tell of an adeptus who lives beside a lake at the foot of Mt. Aocang on the northern side. If that's true, then that's sure to be where the adeptus keeps their secret treasure, too... Mwuhahaha, I know exactly what I'll do when I get my hands on that treasure!"
Then she quickly changed her tune, as if suddenly realizing how she sounded: "I... I'd contact the Guild, and report to them if I found it! I am a proud member of the Adventurers' Guild, and I have absolutely no connection to the Treasure Hoarders!"
Indeed, some adventurers are in the business for material wealth alone. I'm reminded of that classic Liyue saying, "To each their unfathomable own"... But whatever her motivations, she is a fellow adventurer nonetheless, and a genuine one at that.
I must say, I was tempted to head west in search of this fabled "Miraculous Lake" myself after hearing Eduardo talk about it. But in the end I decided to stick with my existing plan. Barring any unforeseen circumstances, I will proceed to the Guili Plains to see what sights and treasures are waiting to be discovered there. And hopefully I won't lose my diary again this time — again, barring any unforeseen circumstances. I can't lose another one... May any unforeseen circumstances be well and truly barred.
Vol. 4[]
A diary left behind by the famed adventurer, Roald, at a makeshift camp. It seems to have been dipped in water, with the watermark of a fox's footprint.
—Luhua Pool—
Traveling southeast along the Bishui River, I came across a pond at the foot of Mt. Tianheng on the north side. The water is clearer than the sky and the water temperature is similar to a human's body temperature. The water has a sweet aftertaste.
A local herb gatherer told me that thousands of years ago, this pond was once a garden. It is said that during the era of the Archon War, two lovers, whose families disapproved of their relationship, made this place their rendezvous. However, the times were merciless, and the man left his lover to follow the Geo Archon. He plunged himself bravely into the conflict as a mortal among gods... and like so many mortals in those dark days, none heard from him again for centuries.
The girl wandered the garden, awaiting the return of her lover. The flowers withered and grass grew in their place. Soaked in a flood, the grass rotted. And when the flood too had subsided, and to dust she had returned, her tears then converged into this pond. Perhaps it was her deep longing that made the water here so clear and gentle.
I spent an afternoon here and nodded off while taking a bath in the pond. When I woke up, the stars were already glittering in the night sky.
I noticed a baby fox slinking around me, but it got scared and ran away when I looked up.
Not until later did I realize that one of my shoes was missing and my bag of provisions had been ransacked.
It took longer than I expected to pack my luggage. My next destination is the delta of the Bishui River in the northeast — Yaoguang Shoal.
Vol. 5[]
A diary left behind by the famed adventurer, Roald. The pages smell like the sea breeze.
—Yaoguang Shoal—
This is the delta of the Bishui River, where the sand and mud carried by the river has accumulated into an open and flat shoal. When I finally arrived, the shoal was shrouded in a blanket of fog, and my new shoes were soaked again. I heard the sound of some unknown monsters coming from the fog, but couldn't quite tell their exact location.
All that was left to do was set up the tent and wait for this blasted fog to drift away.
When I was staying at the Wangshu Inn, a merchant told me about the legends of Yaoguang Shoal. He started with a poem — "Jade-lustered waves washed into the ocean while a conch lay empty on the white shoal."
The meaning of the poem is that the sunlight, pure as jade, glimmers on the surface of the Bishui River and seems to flow into the sea along with the river water. But the Greenconch Lodge on the Yaoguang Shoal has been unoccupied for some time.
I once ventured into the fog to visit the Seashell Sanctuary, but didn't see the owner.
A legend among fishermen has it that the Greenconch Lodge was the home of an adeptus — the green conch itself, in fact, constituting part of her very being. She provided shelter for travelers who were lost in the fog, took care of the shipwrecked survivors, and bid godspeed to other adepti on crusades against sea monsters.
But older fishermen interpret the legend differently. They say that the Seashell Sanctuary was not the abode of an adeptus, but of a family that had lived in the giant seashell for generations. They devoted themselves to helping the lost and saved many fishermen's lives.
It seems the fog is drifting away and the sun is almost visible now.
Next up, I'll borrow a boat to get to Guyun Stone Forest and visit the ruins where the Geo Archon vanquished the sea monster.
I should arrive in no time at all if the weather is good.
Vol. 6[]
A diary left behind by the famed adventurer, Roald, by chance. The pages are damp and seem to have been soaked in water.
—Guyun Stone Forest—
We skirted past a few small islands occupied by Hilichurls, managing to steer clear of their line of sight, and made it to Guyun Stone Forest successfully. Six giant Stone Pillars kept the sun out of my eyes as I went ashore, and it was remarkably cool in their shade. The crabs on the beach were big and meaty. Maybe it's because the area has been nourished by the remains of a magical beast for millennia? Anyway, they taste great roasted.
The sheer beauty of this place makes it hard to imagine that it was once the site of a bloody battle between the Geo Archon and the sea monster. Suffice to say the blood once shed here has long since vanished into the sea without a trace. I suppose that everything pales into insignificance when faced with the scale of the sea. Whether it's a single drop of an ordinary person's blood or rivers of blood shed collectively by the heroes of the past, the relentless flowing of the winds and waves are destined to wash every last trace of it away. In the end, everything will be just as it has always been, since time immemorial.
Legend has it that the Geo Archon once carved a giant polearm out of the rocky land. He plunged it deep into the ocean, riding it straight through the body of the demon that wrought chaos upon his domain. Over the years, the wind gradually eroded the stone polearm into the form we see today.
Later, I'll return to the mainland to camp out for the night. From where I am, I can see the ships leaving the harbor in the distance. As I write, the Crux is setting sail once more, embarking on its next grand voyage. I wonder what mission the Qixing Commerce Guild has entrusted to the legendary Captain Beidou this time?
I had the most awful night's sleep last night. I dreamt I was somewhere pitch-black and damp. Suddenly, I was a sea monster, and my impaled body was being driven into the ocean floor by the Geo Archon's polearm. I writhed around and clutched at the giant polearm made of rock, trying desperately to free myself, but it was wedged firmly in place. Each movement I made filled me with agony, and with rage...
Note to self: Guyun Stone Forest is not a good place to spend the night! I woke early, so I lit the campfire and I'll move out once the sky's bright. My next stop is Liyue Harbor: I just need to be somewhere that I can get my clothes washed, beard trimmed, that sort of thing. Once I've sorted myself out, I'm making another trip to Jueyun Karst. I didn't make any progress on finding the adepti last time. This time, I think I'll try my luck at Qingyun Peak.
Another note to self: Do not lose my diary again!
Vol. 7[]
A diary left behind by the famed adventurer, Roald. The pages have the scent of flowers that grow on cliffs.
—Qingyun Peak, Jueyun Karst—
I shall preface my adventurer's diary with a stern reminder to myself. Recently, I keep discovering that I've misplaced my diary every time I feel like I want to write in it. Oh, Roald, you must learn to be more careful in future!
After climbing for what feels like an eternity, I have finally reached the top of the precipice. I'm surrounded by a sea of clouds. It's impossible to know where in the midst of that sea of clouds I once stood looking up at this celestial place where the adepti dwell.
Apart from the few oddly-shaped trees, there are barely any signs of life here at the top of the precipice. Occasionally, a Lapis Glede will let out a high-pitched cry before diving down into the clouds and disappearing from view. Up the hill from here is the adeptus's dwelling, but there's a few things I need to sort out before I head up. The most pressing issue is repairing my climbing gear, I'll also tend to a few cuts and grazes while I'm at it. A kind farmer gave me some ointment when I first arrived in Jueyun Karst — it stings, but it really does work.
Nights atop the precipice offer little in the way of comfort. The relentless wind above the clouds pierces to the bone. It's difficult to shelter oneself from it, because it finds its way to you through all the tiny gaps in the tent, and there's no way you could keep a campfire alight in this wind. A good night's sleep is therefore out of the question. I wonder if the adeptus who dwells at the summit ever gets lonely and dispirited being surrounded by nothing but the cold, heartless wind?
At the end of a long and sleepless night, I finally watched the moon set into the sea of clouds. I'll make sure my pack is securely fastened, then at daybreak I'll begin my journey to the summit where the adeptus dwells. Hopefully, the altitude is high enough that it won't rain.
Vol. 8[]
Diary of a renowned adventurer, Roald. Spots of shiny green moss can be seen among the pages.
—Qingxu Pool—
To stop me from losing my diary yet again, this time I've put a marker made of moss on the leather case. Now it really stands out in my backpack. It's perfect! Tonight, I'll put it beside my pillow before I go to sleep — there's no way I can lose it then. Honestly, I don't think I can keep calling myself an adventurer if I lose my diary one more time... a misadventurer, perhaps.
I headed westward from the mountain pass at Mt. Tianheng and came to a ruin, known locally as Qingxu Pool. The entrance to the ruin is located right in the center of a giant rocky outcrop rising up from the center of a shallow pool. It is surrounded on all sides by steep cliff faces. There are several stone towers which blend in seamlessly with the natural scenery put here by the Geo Archon. The morning mist is beginning to clear and the first rays of sunlight are starting to illuminate the mountains and ruins. It looks like it'll be good weather today.
Legends say that these ruins predate the Geo Archon's rule over Liyue. The whole of Lisha was covered by water at the time of the Archon War, and back then this rocky outcrop was nothing more than a little islet that rose above the water's surface. After peace was restored, the region of Lisha unfurled once more as the tides withdrew, revealing the ancient buildings erected by the early peoples.
Back when I was at the Wangshu Inn I met a scholar from Sumeru called Soraya. She had done a fair bit of research on the ruins in Lisha. Once she got talking about it she could talk all day. What she told me was that these ruins were left behind by an evil god, whose name has been wiped from the record, and its people. But in the end, the sea gave way to forests and fields, the self-serving god was defeated, and the strongholds and temples of the ancient city the god's people once built were left to crumble. That is how Qingxu Pool came to be. The ruins were submerged until the long Archon War finally came to an end, emerging on the landscape as the tide subsided.
Maybe these crumbling remains have been left as a nostalgic reminder of a bygone era for the adepti and the other deities. In any case, this is a calm and tranquil place that has, for whatever reason, remained entirely unperturbed by the relentless development of Liyue Harbor and untouched by the mining operation based at the Chasm. It has just been left, as-is, right to this day. Perversely, the only disturbances have come since the mining at the Chasm has been halted, as monsters have now occupied the ruins here. Let's just hope they don't destroy anything.
It is a simple theory, but I need to gather more evidence. I should keep heading north and visit the ruins at Lingju Pass and Dunyu.
I ran into Eduardo again just before I set off. She seemed to be traveling with a partner this time. She must have a busy adventurer's schedule — it seemed like I blinked and then she'd disappeared off into the ruins.
Vol. 9[]
A journal left behind by a renowned adventurer Roald. Some of its pages are damaged and crumpled, and a few shimmering ice crystals are attached to them.
—Dragonspine—
I began my ascent of Dragonspine from its southern side, where the mountain meets the riverbanks and plains of Liyue. The mountain slopes gently here, the wind is soft, and the snow is light. Added to the unfrozen water sources, it makes this place a good choice for setting up a base camp. Once I have prepared my supplies, I will make a camp here before continuing my climb to the summit.
After setting up camp, I took the chance to survey the surrounding ruins. What intrigued me is that the architectural style and artistic patterns are strikingly similar to those seen in ancient buildings elsewhere. This could very well mean that the fabled mountain civilization of old is right beneath my feet.
Unfortunately, I did not find any well-preserved inscriptions within the ruins, so there was no hard proof of the ancient civilization's historicity. Perhaps, I will find more information is preserved further up the mountain, buried deep within the bitingly cold blizzards.
Spending the night here is an unpleasant experience. The cold, damp wind chills to the bone, and the way it shakes the tent sounds like the roar of a rushing river. Guaranteed nightmare material for once you do manage to fall asleep. There's a cave by the water, and it must be spacious in there because I can hear the ghostly groaning of the wind echoing inside. Unfortunately, the entrance is tightly fenced off and there is simply no way to get through from the outside.
I will start advancing further up the mountain a little later on. There are some remnants of the relatively recent past by the path, which if I'm not mistaken can be traced back to the era when Mondstadt was ruled by an aristocracy. I dug up some fragments of clothing and some irreparably damaged weaponry. The dense snow and ice seem to have slowed down the decomposition process, preserving any pieces of the past that they swallow up for a long time to come.
The way that the items are distributed leads me to believe that a chase once took place here on this mountain path — or possibly even a murder.
It seems that even fierce blizzards and sinister mutations pose no obstacle to humans intent on following through on their dark ambitions, In the end, this archon-forsaken snowscape has become stained by mortal transgression.
As I climb further up the path, the wind becomes stronger and the temperature plummets to an unbearably low level. I scouted out a ruin to the northeast, where to my utter astonishment I found water! It was somehow unfrozen, in defiance of its perennially blizzard-beaten surroundings. From the location, I would estimate that it is linked to the stream I saw further downhill.
However, this area is so cold that I could not afford to explore deeper inside the ruin for the risk of freezing to death or drowning. I left a makeshift sign there to mark the spot — I just hope that it doesn't get buried in the snow.
I suppose that once upon a time this could have been an underground shelter and that over the years the groundwater has seeped in and flooded it. But I have also heard that the tyrants of the distant past were partial to a form of punishment whereby they would jail a prisoner, lock them in a cage, and then slowly pour water in. Just so they could force the prisoner to watch in alarm as the water slowly rose up from their ankles to their mouth, nose, and finally their forehead...
Such a cruel and drawn out punishment... And in the sheer cold of this climate, it is all the more impossible to imagine that any managed to survive it.
Further to the east, the road becomes more rugged. I had a stupid accident and very nearly broke my leg because of it. I was lucky to only receive a superficial wound and no major bone injury. But it also tore a great big hole in my windproof clothing, so now I feel the full force of the wind right against my skin. It feels awful, like being stabbed constantly with a sharp knife.
I managed to find shelter from the wind before my wound went completely numb. I just about managed to sew my clothing back up, but there's no way I can continue to the summit like this.
I made it back to camp, finally, on the verge of freezing to death. As I warmed my feet by the bonfire, I removed my socks to find that three of my toes had turned purple from the cold... But no matter, right now I'm still enjoying the feeling of coming back to life after such a close brush with death.
When the storm died down a little, I looked up and caught a view of the peak, towering there silently against the dark sky, encircled by giant jagged rocks and yet secluded among them in the center. The bards' songs tell of an ancient, evil dragon who lies buried there in the mountain stream — I wonder if it, too, yearns for the celestial heights even as it gazes up with its rotting and blinded eyes?
Many villagers who live at the foot of the mountain liken this monstrous mountain to a blind spot in the eyes of the gods, a place ruled by the inscrutable force of fate. Old Mondstadt fairy tales speak of the mountain as a place of punishment that was abandoned by the Wind of Time and left for the howling winds to sweep in and freeze everything in its moment of destruction.
Yet something still stirs here, at the peak of the mountain. I heard its call in my dream. It was a gentle song, pleasing to the ear, but somehow disturbing to the mind.
This trip was a disaster, but at least I came out of it alive. Farewell for today, Dragonspine. Perhaps I shall return, though I do not know if I will ever make it to your summit...
I think I will explore Liyue next. But first things first, my top priority is replenishing my lost supplies. Oh, and while I'm at it, I think I'll swap this soggy old diary for a nice new one.
Vol. 10[]
A diary left behind by the famed adventurer, Roald. The pages bear both the refreshing scent of sakura flowers and the bitterness of tobacco leaves.
—Ritou—
It's already been a few days since I've arrived in Ritou, and yet the Kanjou Commission still shows no sign of letting me pass. I don't know how long I'll have to stay... I hope Mr. Kurisu will find a way to get me out of here.
Mr. Kurisu is the local commerce chairman. Originally from Fontaine, he is a reserved and friendly gentleman, possessing a certain charm that makes other outlanders feel at home.
I'd heard that Inazuma didn't welcome travelers, but it wasn't until I set foot in Ritou that I realized the severity of the situation.
The Sakoku Decree has been in effect for some time. While many travelers have chosen to stay on the island, many come and go, staying for only a brief period. Many merchants also packed up and went home. Ritou, in its current state, is a gloomy and depressing place.
It is said that hundreds of years ago, Hiroshi of the Hiiragi Clan built this commercial port. He recruited talented merchants to set up shop here and encouraged free trade. Ritou flourished and prospered for some time... But poor Hiroshi would probably turn in his grave if he knew of the state that Ritou is in right now.
Still, his descendant, the current Kanjou Commissioner, seems to be living the good life.
It's enough to leave anyone feeling rather resentful.
After a few days, Mr. Kurisu brought me some good news.
He's heard that the Crux Fleet will stop by briefly in Inazuma. There should be a way for this famous armed fleet to smuggle me to another island, he said. I just need to be patient.
I don't know if Mr. Kurisu's information is reliable, but it's always a good idea to be prepared. First, I must think of a way to get my camp-making and fire-starting tools back from Miss Yurika. I will beg if necessary...
It seems that the Shogunate has attacked another Sangonomiya outpost, inflicting many casualties... or was that the other way around? The few outlanders who remain have all been gossiping. Even those in service of the Commissioner have been spreading various rumors without fear.
It is unclear what has happened, but still more merchants have packed up and gone home. Many military ships have come and gone at the harbor, probably carrying emergency military provisions...
Perhaps I can take advantage of the chaos and confusion to retrieve my stuff from the warehouse.
Oh, and I must also remind myself...not to lose this diary again.
There are diaries with covers that are more beautiful and elegant, of course... but that's no excuse for replacing the old with something new!
Vol. 11[]
A diary left behind by the famed adventurer, Roald. The pages bear both the moist smell of the fog and a certain fungal scent.
My exploration of Tsurumi Island has not gone smoothly.
Earlier, it was thanks to a local youth named Kama that I was able to leave Ritou successfully and arrive on Tsurumi Island undetected. At his direction, I tried to penetrate the thick fog that shrouds the island and somehow managed to catch a hurried glimpse of the ancient civilization present here, as well as certain dream-like landscapes. However, these memories seem to have dispersed just like a mist might...
But I can still clearly remember meeting a small child on this supposedly long-dead island.
Perhaps he was nothing but a hallucination I saw under the influence of Elemental Particles floating through the fog, or perhaps the mushrooms on the island were to blame... That child may have just been an illusion or a false memory, and this would certainly follow common logic, of course. But the second time I came, I brought a little more food with me, in hopes that the child would accept them. It must be hard living on a dead island like this one, I thought.
The next time I came ashore, I did not inform Kama, and thus got lost in the thick fog very quickly. I tried all means and ways, but could not find my way through the fog — it was as if it was rejecting me for reasons unknown.
If it were not for the blonde-haired traveler and the little fairy named "Paimon," I would probably have had to return empty-handed. But they helped me to pick some local Fluorescent Fungus, which is rumored among Inazumans to have coalesced from the memories of the ancient dead of Tsurumi Island, which give them their phosphorescent, ghostly glow. They possess the ability to strengthen the eyes and mind and improve one's memory.
I tried some over the last few days, and these fungi do indeed have the ability to calm the heart and cheer the spirit. It appears to be good for digestion as well... That said, I haven't seen any marked improvement in my memory yet. I must remember to leave a few for my friend in Sumeru to conduct research on.
Additionally, I found the pictures of the ancient murals that the blonde traveler and Paimon brought to be most fascinating — they are certainly worth further research. That we were able to discover such valuable historical ruins at all is owed to the passion, wisdom, and determination of these two exceptional adventurers.
Book Locations[]
Map[]
Vol. 1Vol. 2Vol. 3Vol. 4Vol. 5Vol. 6Vol. 7Vol. 8Vol. 9Vol. 10Vol. 11
Context[]
Vol. 10Vol. 11
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishDiary of Roald the Adventurer—Chinese(Simplified)冒险家罗尔德的日志Màoxiǎnjiā Luō'ěrdé de RìzhìAdventurer Roald's DiaryChinese(Traditional)冒險家羅爾德的日誌Màoxiǎnjiā Luō'ěrdé de RìzhìJapanese冒険者ロアルドの日誌Boukensha Roarudo no NisshiAdventurer Roald's JournalKorean모험가 로알드의 일지Moheomga Roaldeu-ui IljiDiary of Roald the AdventurerSpanishDiario del aventurero RoaldDiary of the Adventurer RoaldFrenchJournal de l'aventurier RoaldDiary of the Adventurer RoaldRussianДневники Роальда, искателя приключенийDnevniki Roal'da, iskatelya priklyucheniyDiaries of Roald, the Adventure SeekerThaiบันทึกการเดินทางของนักผจญภัย RoaldBanthuek Kan Doen Thang khong Nak Phachon Phai RoaldTravel Diary of Adventurer RoaldVietnameseNhật Ký Nhà Mạo Hiểm RoaldGermanTagebuch des Abenteurers RoaldDiary of the Adventurer RoaldIndonesianJurnal Roald sang PetualangJournal of Roald the AdventurerPortugueseDiário do Aventureiro RoaldTurkishMaceracı Roald'un GünlüğüThe Adventurer Roald's DiaryItalianDiario dell'avventuriere Roald
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 2.2
Volume 11 (Tsurumi Island) was added
Version 2.0
Volume 10 (Ritou) was added
Version 1.2
Volume 9 (Dragonspine) was added
Version 1.1
Diary of Roald the Adventurer was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Diary of Roald the Adventurer was released.
Someone's Diary
Type
6 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
On a table in front of Dongdong in Qingce Village
Vol. 2
In a hilichurl camp on the west side of the archipelago (Yaoguang Shoal)
Vol. 3
North of the southern Waypoint in Guili Plains, cross the square, drop down, in a tent on the left.
Vol. 4
In a red tent north of Qingyun Peak Waypoint
Vol. 5
At the bottom of a ladder in the dockyard of Liyue Harbor
Vol. 6
Near a metal cage in the north part of Jinren Island
Someone's Diary is a Book Collection found in various places throughout Liyue and Inazuma.
The first volume is a letter to Dongdong from his father, while the other volumes consist of a diary that chronicles the father's travels around Liyue and Inazuma.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Locations
7.1 Vol. 1
7.2 Vol. 2
7.3 Vol. 3
7.4 Vol. 4
7.5 Vol. 5
7.6 Vol. 6
8 Trivia
9 Other Languages
10 Change History
11 References
Vol. 1[]
A letter treasured by Dongdong from Qingce Village. It seems to be a letter from his father.
Dear Dongdong,
Time flies, doesn't it? It's been nearly three months since I left. Do you miss me? I do hope you're going to bed on time and not causing any trouble for grandma and grandpa. I'll be back from Inazuma very soon, and I promise when I get back I'll take you to see The Crux down at the harbor. I won't let you down this time!
Dongdong, do you remember the beach at Yaoguang Shoal? Well I went there, and I collected lots and lots of beautiful, golden sand. More than I can carry by myself. When I'm back, we should buy up the local mill and make fresh tofu every single day. Although, I'd rather use all this gold to buy a house in Liyue Harbor. A huge house with a splendid sea view. I'll let you decide how to spend it when I'm back. How does that sound?
Guess what? Just opposite Luhua Pool at the Guili Plains there's an enormous cliff, and what did I find there? A Ruin Guard! He was just sitting there, slumped over, completely still. He didn't flinch even in the thunder and lightning, not even when the rain was pelting down on him. Then I realized, he must be sleeping! So I climbed up on top of him, threw my arms around that big old head of his, and twisted it as hard as I could. There was a clunking noise, followed by a loud boom, and suddenly his head fell off and rolled straight off the cliff! It smashed into a million pieces at the bottom. Shame really, otherwise I would have brought it home as a trophy, and you could have had a proper up-close look at what a Ruin Guard's head looks like. Imagine that!
I also went to Jueyun Karst. I must take you there when you're older. The scenery there is incredible. The billowing clouds look like an ocean, the waterfall is infinitely better than the one in Qingce Village, and you can sometimes catch a glimpse of the realm of the adepti in the mountains. You can't begin to imagine how beautiful it was. And guess what? You're not gonna believe this but... I met an actual, real-life adeptus! We sat and drank together, chatting and laughing away... The adeptus gave me a gift too: a magic wine bottle. All you need to do is blow on it, and an infinite supply of wine will flow from the inside! You absolutely mustn't touch it though, do you understand? You're way too young to drink. When you're older, though, all my treasures will be yours to do with as you please.
My adventures in Liyue are coming to an end. It's time for me to head to the harbor, where I'll hop on the Crux and sail off to somewhere even further away. I'm excited to see what wonderful sights and valuable treasures are waiting for me at the next stop, and I can't wait to share them all with you! Until then Dongdong, please make sure you go to bed on time every night. And don't eat too many sweets, they'll rot your teeth. Please also be nice to your grandma and grandpa — seriously, don't do anything to make them mad. And no fighting! I will be home soon.
Lots of love, Daddy x
Vol. 2[]
A diary left behind by someone in the wilderness that tells of the owner's unfortunate encounters at Yaoguang Shoal.
—Yaoguang Shoal—
The fog is setting in again... The idea of panning for gold here has turned out to be a complete waste of time. I should have known not to trust this old mining crew, it must have been several decades since the last of them retired! Every last bit of information they gave me is completely out of date... utterly useless. This is turning into a complete farce. I would say I'll be going home empty-handed tonight, but the chances of me finding my way home at all in this fog are looking slim... I hope Dongdong's eaten dinner.
I can hear hilichurls somewhere in the distance. I have no idea where I'm going in this fog, so I suppose I'll just focus on walking away from the hilichurls' voices. Hopefully I'll make it out alive...
I don't know how long I've been walking, and in this fog I don't even know if it's daytime or nighttime. Hang on, are those silhouettes I see up ahead? By the good grace of the Geo Lord, maybe I can join along with them and find a way out of here. Yep, that's what I'm gonna do. Hooray, I'm saved!
On closer inspection, the silhouettes didn't look like friendly characters. I've decided to set up a camp here and wait for them to leave before figuring out my next move. I might have to go back the way I came.
Egads! I can hear hilichurls all around me... I should definitely—
-End of diary content-
Vol. 3[]
A diary left behind by someone in the wilderness that tells of the owner's unfortunate encounters at Guili Plains.
—Guili Plains—
What a string of bad luck...
I finally made it out of that hilichurl camp alive, only to end up nearly being killed by a Ruin Guard! I'd figured it was probably out of action given the way it was sat there completely motionless in the torrential rain. But then a bolt of lightning struck it right on the head... There was some whirring and grinding, and suddenly it was back to life.
I was powerless to defend myself against it. It lifted me up like a baby bird and tossed me from the top of the cliff. Luckily, amidst my frantic scrambling, I managed to duck into a cave at the foot of the cliff. It was out of his line of sight, so it gave up trying to find me. If not for that cave, it'd have ripped me to shreds, thrown me to the ground, and then stomped me into... I don't even know what you'd call it by that point!
Surely it must be well away from here by now... Even so, I can still hear the droning noise it made, like a swarm of bees buzzing around inside my head. I think I must have broken my arm, because it hurts when I put any pressure on it. I think – I hope – that I will be able to manage, though. In any case, at my age I need to grin and bear it. I mean, what would Dongdong and his mother think of me if I didn't?
Vol. 4[]
A diary left behind by someone in the wilderness that tells of the owner's adventures at Jueyun Karst.
—Jueyun Karst—
Near the foot of the cliff, I ran into a herb gatherer who helped me set the bone. I almost passed out from the pain. But he did say that most passers-by he meets who have survived an encounter with a Ruin Guard tend to be less physically intact than I am... Every cloud has a silver lining, I guess.
From above, Jueyun Karst looks completely untouched by human activity. It's also shrouded in mist, and to add to the mystery it's impossible to know just how deep the mist goes. Strange noises can be heard coming from the stone forest. Whether it's illuminated beasts or celestial beings in there, I don't know. All I know is it made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. With any luck I should be able to pick up a quality chunk of amber here, or maybe some highly prized medicinal herbs. I know that back in the day many of poorer village folks made their fortunes and built their lives in Liyue by selling herbal medicine, and I see no reason why I couldn't do the same.
It rained heavily in the evening, which meant the cliff face was too slippery to climb up. I also couldn't find my climbing rope or axe anywhere. It's strange, I'm not the type to lose things so easily... I'll bet one of the monsters lurking in the mountains pinched it when I wasn't looking! Maybe it was a fox...
After several days of fruitless searching, I finally found some good medicinal herbs so I'm getting ready to head back. I had wanted to do one final search, but this place is starting to creep me out. As soon as night falls I keep thinking I see shadowy figures following me everywhere... Also, the blood-curdling cries of some unknown species of monster are now coming from all directions — and they're getting closer...
During my descent down the mountain, I came across an old wine bottle. I gave it a rinse with some spring water, and found it's in good condition. I bet Dongdong would like it if I gave it to him as a souvenir. I'll just tell him that it was a treasure given to me by an adeptus.
Vol. 5[]
A diary left behind by someone in Liyue that tells of the owner's adventures there.
—Liyue Harbor—
I sold the herbs at Bubu Pharmacy. Made back everything I've lost, plus a little extra. At this rate, I could buy a house in Liyue within the next few years. Just in time for Dongdong to settle in before he starts school.
If I'd studied harder when I was younger, I wouldn't have ended up getting involved with those scumbag Treasure Thieves. I also wouldn't have squandered the inheritance my father left me. This makes me think that I must get Dongdong a good teacher who makes him study hard. That's the only way he'll make reliable friends and not end up like his wretched old man. So, for Dongdong's sake, I can't give up now. I have got to find a way to make a good living.
...That said, I couldn't get the idea of making a quick fortune out of my head. So I tried my luck at The Jade Mystery. I hadn't intended to spend any money at a place like that, but the boss, Shitou, was very persuasive... He talked me into putting all my money into it. I didn't do too badly. I cut open the stone I bought and found it to be higher-quality jade. Then again, that one brief foray into the world of gambling on stones meant that I had to pawn the sickle and the medicine box I'd used for foraging for herbs.
I'm penniless now. Sure, I got some good jade pieces from gambling on stones, but jade isn't easy to shift. So it looks like I'm back in survival mode again. I think I'll head overseas and see how it goes. I should try joining the Crux Fleet, here's hoping Captain Beidou will take me on.
I'll happily scrub the deck if it comes to it, I haven't eaten in three days.
Vol. 6[]
A diary left behind by someone in the wilderness that tells of the owner's unfortunate encounters at Jinren Island.
—Jinren Island—
After stealing a small boat from the pirate ship, I rowed for three days before finally reaching shore.
From here, I can see the legendary Takayama on Narukami Island, along with the giant sakura tree that grows on it. The colors of the Sacred Sakura are gentle in the moonlight... It makes me think of home.
I wonder if Dongdong feels lonely in Qingce Village. I don't know if I made the right decision, coming all this way just to make a living. It's probably me just getting old, thinking about all this nonsense.
I stumbled upon a purple melon while exploring this remote island. It tasted astringent, and rather lacked taste; my teeth and tongue turned purple from eating the skin and it took a while for the color to fade... Next time I'll try cooking it before eating. I've set up camp. At first light, I'll walk south... I heard the pirates say that that's where Inazuma is.
There should be plenty of job opportunities in the city. Maybe I should give up the foolish idea of adventuring and find a real job. When I've saved up enough money and bought my own house, I'll send for Dongdong to come live with me.
Besides, the housing here is much cheaper than in Liyue Harbor.
Locations[]
Vol. 1[]
Vol. 1 LocationOn the table, in front of Dongdong
Vol. 2[]
Vol. 2 LocationAdditional context
Vol. 3[]
Vol. 3 LocationAdditional context
Vol. 4[]
Vol. 4 LocationAdditional context
Vol. 5[]
Vol. 5 LocationAdditional context
Vol. 6[]
Vol. 6 LocationAdditional context
Trivia[]
The Echoing Tales event reveals that at some point, Dongdong's father — the author of this diary — somehow ended up on Golden Apple Archipelago (Haar Islands), where he was attacked by hilichurls and dragged away. He was eventually rescued from captivity by an unknown savior.[1] This savior may be Alice, who is the only other known person to set foot in the area in recent times.[2]
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishSomeone's Diary—Chinese(Simplified)谁人的日志Shéirén de RìzhìSomeone's DiaryChinese(Traditional)誰人的日誌Shéirén de RìzhìJapanese誰かの日誌Dareka no NisshiSomeone's JournalKorean누군가의 일지Nugunga-ui IljiSomeone's DiarySpanishDiario de alguienSomeone's DiaryFrenchJournal d'un inconnuDiary of a StrangerRussianЧей-то дневникChey-to dnevnikSomeone's DiaryThaiไดอารี่ของใครบางคนDai-ari kong khrai bangkhonDiary Belonging to SomeoneVietnameseNhật ký của aiGermanTagebuch eines UnbekanntenDiary of an Unknown PersonIndonesianBuku Harian SeseorangSomeone's DiaryPortugueseDiário de AlguémSomeone's DiaryTurkishİsimsiz GünlükAnonymous DiaryItalianDiario di qualcuno
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 2.0
Volume 6 was released.
Version 1.1
Someone's Diary was added to the Archive.
Dongdong's letter became Volume 1, and the rest of the volumes were shifted up by one.
The icon was updated to use Dongdong's letter.
Note: When picking up volumes 2+, the icon still reflects the old book icon below.
The old icon of the Someone's Diary series
Version 1.0
Dongdong's letter was released.
Someone's Diary was released:
I - Yaoguang Shoal
II - Guili Plains
III - Jueyun Karst
IV - Liyue Harbor
References[]
↑ Event Echoing Tales Conch Retrospection, III: Unlucky Father
↑ Event: Midsummer Island Adventure
Records of Jueyun
Type
6 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Wuyuan
Location
Vol. 1
At Granny Ruoxin's home in Qingce VillageJifang Dialogue Reward
Vol. 2
Wuyuan Dialogue RewardSold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 3
Found on a restaurant table at Wangshu Inn where Huangshan sits.
Vol. 4
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 5
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 6
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Records of Jueyun is a Book Collection found in various locations throughout Liyue.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Locations
7.1 Vol. 1
7.2 Vol. 3
8 Trivia
8.1 Translation Notes
9 Other Languages
10 Change History
11 References
Vol. 1[]
A collection of folk stories, myths, and legends from Liyue. It's quite a page turner. This segment is on the legends of stone beasts.
—Stone Beasts—
Stone statues appear all across the vast land of Liyue. Most were built by locals who prayed to them for favorable weather and peace steadfast as the mountains. But it is claimed that some have a much more ancient history.
One story regarding the animal statues in particular is popular among the fishermen of the Bishui River, the Silvergrass harvesters of Dihua Marsh, and the old mining crowd. They say that in some corners of the land, ancient stone beasts wake at night in the cool of the fall and look around at a world that has slowly become alien to them. Hearing the sounds of frogs and insects greeting them, they respond with deep, soulful cries from their petrified throats. Then they roam around Liyue, inspecting once more the land they used to protect.
To my knowledge, no one has ever witnessed a stone beast in motion firsthand. However, local residents who know the territory extremely well have long observed and accepted the phenomenon that the animal statues can change location and posture overnight. Meanwhile, light-sleeping campers often report hearing a sound in the middle of the night that is like flowing water, only much deeper in tone.
As for where these stone beasts originally came from, the elders of Qingce Village say they are illuminated beasts who once fought alongside Rex Lapis in the Archon War. After the war ended, the tide subsided and peace was restored. The illuminated beasts were no longer required to serve as defenders of the common people, and one by one they retreated to more secluded parts of the country. There they lived free from concern for mortal affairs.
But some illuminated beasts remembered with fondness the glorious days when they served under Rex Lapis, and they pined for the years when they protected Liyue. Though they were not of the mortal realm, nor were they immortal: For them, too, life would one day come to an end. Thus, they beseeched Rex Lapis to turn their ephemeral flesh bodies into everlasting stone. The merciful Geo Archon granted their request and made them as such.
Vol. 2[]
A collection of folk stories, myths, and legends from Liyue. It's quite a page-turner. This segment is on ancient fictional stories.
—Palace Beneath the Sea—
The day had arrived. It was time to collect the bride.
The Sea God looked majestic indeed as he sat center stage in his giant clam, holding in his hands the reins of two sea serpents. They stood as imposing as Mt. Tianheng before the royal carriage as their master accepted the gifts of pearls from the village elders and welcomed his new bride aboard the carriage. In return, the village would receive the Sea God's blessing: a year free from tempests and tsunamis.
The bride was whisked away to a place deep beneath the waves, far from home, far from the reveling crowds celebrating the festival, and far from her mother all alone. The Sea God took her along a corridor of great columns, formed from the skeleton of a dead whale, that led to a palatial gate adorned with shining pearls and iridescent shells. Finally, the young bride had arrived at the palace the Sea God had made for her. The palace that was to be her new home.
"It was not my plan to meddle in the affairs of common people," came the god's voice rippling through the water. It was a husband's attempt to console his bride.
"This place has served as a new home for many other young women, and it also became the place they spent their final days. Many of them were driven away from the village where they were born. For them, the ocean had provided safe refuge. Somewhere they could sleep peacefully without fear of being disturbed. Somewhere they could call home."
But this young woman did not want a new home decorated with prize pearls and rare shells. The dazzling spectacle of the ocean floor — and the creatures that she knew lurked in the darkness — filled her not with peace, but with dread. Time went by, and the longer she stayed in her bewildering ocean chamber that knew not sunrise nor sunset, the more homesick she grew — and the frailer she became.
Eventually, there came a day when the Sea God sensed what his young bride was feeling. Though saddened by her choice, he allowed her to go through with her decision.
"In the fallen world of the humans, there will come a day in your life when you regret this decision." The Sea God took the shell of a sea snail that adorned his waist and handed it to her as a parting gift.
"There will come a day that you blow into this shell, and it will sound like a horn. On that day, you shall return to this place."
The young woman took the shell and returned to the land. The years went by, and soon she became a mother herself. As she went about her simple, peaceful life, the ocean palace seemed but a childhood dream. The dazzling sights and grotesque creatures would once in a while flood into her mind from the murky depths of her memory, but it was a rare occurrence, and she put them out of her mind. She lived like this year after year. Until one year, when the festival came once again, the village elders came to her home. They had come to take her daughter from her arms. It was then that she finally understood why the Sea God had spoken of her regret, and of her return, all those years ago.
On the eve of the festival, she blew into the shell, and it sounded like a horn.
The Sea God responded to the call, rising up from the billowing waves to greet the village. But his embrace was a tidal wave that engulfed the village, and took the villagers and elders in their sleep. Drawn by giant sea serpents, a colossal clam carriage came to a halt in front of her, dazzling her with its shimmering pearls. The mother took her daughter by the hand and boarded the Sea God's clam. It was just like she remembered from her childhood — only this time, the village she left behind now lay in ruins beneath the ocean waves.
Vol. 3[]
A collection of folk stories, myths, and legends from Liyue. It's quite a page-turner. This segment is on the origin of Wuwang Hill.
—Wuwang—
Hiding between the jagged peaks in the north of Mt. Qingce is a slope known as Wuwang Hill, a palpably ominous place and the setting of many tales of supernatural phenomena. It is rumored by Liyue that the spirits of the dead lurk within the woods on Wuwang Hill. They roam the perimeter of the decrepit village, wandering among the withering trees and rotting foliage, eternally yearning for things left unresolved in living years. These floating spirits often entice unsuspecting passers-by away from the main path and onto treacherous mountain tracks that leads them tumbling into a river or straight into an ambush of ravenous monsters.
It is this phenomenon from which Wuwang Hill derives its name. Wuwang means "prudence" in the common tongue, and Wuwang Hill is said to be "the hill where the prudent are punished." For even those travelers who do not act rashly or impulsively on their journey are doomed to be ensnared by the malevolence that lingers here like the mist in the mountain air.
Both innocent villagers and ignorant visitors alike are susceptible to the deception of the Wuwang Hill spirits, which draw them deep into dark woods where thick mist blots out the sky and unknown dangers lurk in the shadows. There are many means by which these sinister spirits are able to deceive mortals. Some take the form of bereavement or grief, others of regret, manifesting as voices and visages of the deceased, the love of the departed, or the remorse of another party in an unresolved dispute. The traveler finds themselves compelled to heed the spirit's cry, and follows them into the depths of Wuwang.
But Wuwang Hill was not always this way. Some signs of life remained there up until relatively recently, and in times gone by the village at the foot of the slope enjoyed a peaceful and leisurely existence, the chimneys always smoking and the lanterns always lit. That same village stands abandoned today... The buildings are in ruins and all that remains of the villagers is the indistinct murmuring from a realm beyond.
There is a fable that is oft-repeated among the children of Qingce Village. It holds that the young people of Wuwang Hill, enchanted by the whale-like song of a faraway sea monster, all threw themselves into the gently flowing Bishui River in pursuit of false promises and childlike dreams. Along the river they floated, making their way to the Sea of Clouds, where they became one with the waves and lost all memory of the woods and their village on the hill... Their dreams, meanwhile, became the sea monster's song. Generation after generation of young people disappeared in this way, until in the end, the sole remaining residents of Wuwang Hill were old and gray. One by one, they left this mortal plane amidst sighs of grief. The bright lights of Liyue Harbor, Rex Lapis's pride and joy, burned ever brighter, while another neglected mountain village turned into a silent ghost town.
But unlike the fleeting and fickle human mind, the ever-flowing ley lines remember all. Surging elemental energy takes on spirit form to recreate all the dreams, both fair and foul, of Wuwang Hill's erstwhile residents. Much like a mother who once lost a child and now searches desperately through their irretrievable past for a way to bring everything back, the ley lines — albeit unconsciously — repeatedly recreate the past and those who inhabited it. The way each looked, the way each child cried, the way the elderly would sigh in their twilight years. Each moment of joy, and each moment of sorrow. And like the hypnotic song of the great creature of the deep sea, it unintentionally lures toward it any nostalgic soul who would dare trespass here.
Vol. 4[]
A collection of folk stories, myths, and legends from Liyue. It's quite a page-turner. This segment features the stories of Seelie living in the mountains.
—Mountain Spirits—
Many lone seelie are found floating in the mountain forests of Liyue. These glowing spirits are unfailingly found hovering in the mountain mist, in the ruins of ancient cities, or in crumbling, decrepit villages. Should a Vision-bearer draw near, the seelie will guide the way for them, leading them to long-hidden treasure or unfathomably ingenious mechanisms.
The people of Liyue believe these tiny, silent spirits to be auspicious sightings, the souls either of departed adepti or unnamed benevolent gods of old. Others believe they are the echoes of strangers without kin, lingering in the mountains to guide lonely, lost visitors onto the path back home.
Another old legend told in the mountain villages claims that there was once a time, before the adepti had come into being, when the seelie who meander in the mountains knew an altogether different existence, one in which they had beautiful physical forms and possessed great wisdom. That era, when the seelie roamed the mountains and strolled through the grand halls in the cities of old, is said to date back even further that the days when Rex Lapis fought bitterly against countless rival gods.
At a far-flung moment in the distant past, the ancestor of the seelie met a traveler from afar, with whom they swore an oath of union witnessed by the three sisters of the Lunar Palace. Just thirty days later, a sudden disaster struck. The seelie and their lover fled into exile as the world collapsed around them, fleeing until the terrible calamity caught up with and seized them. Their cruel punishment was to be separated from each other for eternity and to have their memories wiped without a trace.
The graceful but heartbroken seelie and the sisters grew more sullen and withdrawn with each passing day, to the point where their wondrous forms withered away, leaving fragments of their former selves scattered in the mountains and ruins, where they turned into tiny little life forms. They had forgotten so much, lost so much, and been stripped of their voices and wisdom, yet they continued to sing the same songs of grief. Because of this, still harboring a shred of the deep love they once had for their long-lost lover, they will act as guides to travelers who stop in the mountain mist, seeking to retrace their memories of an ancient story in long-abandoned ruins, disused makeup cabinets, and now-undecipherable poetry.
Of course, these are nothing but clumsy, incoherent folk tales, wild and fantastical conjecture about what Liyue may have been like in the distant past before the time of Rex Lapis. Needless to say, such tales have no credibility whatsoever. The true origin of these sorrowful spirits that meander in the mountains is, however, still widely debated, and no consensus has ever been reached on the topic.
Vol. 5[]
A collection of folk stories, myths, and legends from Liyue. It's quite a page-turner. This segment is on the shared history of qilins and humans.
—Qilin—
Among the legends that circulate in the mountains of Liyue, the qilin are a type of noble and benevolent illuminated beast. Qilin often roam the mountain forests, but appear only on nights where starlight shines upon clear dew. For sustenance, they drink only spring water and eat only fragrant herbs.
Qilin are gentle illuminated beasts, with grace and elegance flowing through their veins. It is said that qilin will never harm living things, refusing even to step on an insect or break a blade of grass. People believe that a qilin's characteristics, behavior, and their every movement is dictated by an age-old etiquette that has remained unchanged for a thousand years.
Following the barbarous age of the Archon War, many adepti became unable to continue living among the clamorous world of mortals. As a result, and under the direction of Rex Lapis, they withdrew themselves from society to live in seclusion in the bamboo groves and mountains. No longer would they interfere in the human world, content instead to enjoy a realm of mountains and water and pursue their own interests.
Yet some illuminated beasts there were that, over a thousand years of mortal cooperation, had cultivated deep friendships with ordinary humans. They decided to carry out the will of the Lord of Geo in the mortal realm, assisting human society with their adeptal powers and charity. Some hid in mountain hamlets, others walked the bustling city streets. They lived together and mixed with humankind, leaving behind unique bloodlines in Liyue Harbor.
According to one folktale, as early as several thousand years ago, there were already those among the elegant qilin who had begun to grow deeply attached to the savage mortals.
The tale tells of how in that barbaric era, the people wore clothes of water lotus and bay leaf.
One night, a herb gatherer was bathing in a mountain pool, when to his surprise, a passing qilin began to eat the clothes that he had left by the water's edge. The illuminated beast was too young to understand human notions of shame and privacy and had yet to learn the conduct of illuminated beasts in the mortal realm.
To make up for her crude behavior and to avoid startling the vulnerable mortal with her otherworldly adeptal appearance, she transformed into one of human bearing. As the pale light of the full moon fell onto the pool, she appeared before the herb gatherer.
The young illuminated beast ultimately did not understand human notions of shame and privacy. She stood in that mountain forest, lit by cold moonlight and the glow of fireflies, clothed only in dewdrops and the lunar gleam. Together with the ignorant mortal she traveled, strolling happily among flowers and bamboo groves, revealing to him the mountain dwelling of the adepti, interpreting for him the language of the birds, sleeping lightly amid the cry of insects, sinking softly into shared and ancient dreams...
As the herb gatherer began to stir at the first light of dawn, he awoke to find that the noble illuminated beast had vanished without a trace.
As for how this tale unfolds, opinions vary widely. Some people say that one night, the qilin placed a bamboo basket outside the front door of the herb gatherer's home, before disappearing into the moonlit mist. When the herb gatherer came to the door, he found a child soundly asleep inside the basket.
Others say that from that moment on the qilin lived together with the mortal, gave birth to children, and grew accustomed to human life.
No matter the truth of the thousand-year-old matter, the elegant illuminated beasts continue to walk among the residents of Liyue, unseen among the sea of people, waiting for the day when Rex Lapis calls them forth once again.
Vol. 6[]
A collection of folk stories, myths, and legends from Liyue. It's quite a page-turner. This segment is on the Dunyu Ruins.
—Hidden Jade—
In the valley northwest of Liyue Harbor and south of Nantianmen lie many silent, ancient ruins.
One of these areas is known as the Dunyu Ruins. This area is said to have already existed even before the time of the Archon Wars.
According to old legends passed by word of mouth, "Dunyu" means "the land to which beauteous jade flees."[TN• 1]
In a past beyond memory, when even Rex Lapis would still have been young, a star fell from the sky into the barren plains west of Liyue. These plains were transformed into a huge and deep chasm in the wake of that star's descent, and jade would emerge from within, beautiful and limitless, and it would become the foundation for a thousand years of industrial mining in Liyue thereafter.
Legend has it that when that nameless star fell, a fragment of it broke off and crashed into the rocks in northern Lisha.
As most know, wordless stones harbored soul and spirit, and in manners and times not witnessed by mortal eyes they watched and listened to the ley lines' pulses, the echoes of the alpine springs, and the slow but inexorable movements of the mountains.
But unlike the ordinary but enduring stone of the earth, the fragments of the meteorite that fell from heaven had a proud and agitated temper.
Later, when countless gods and rulers fought over the appointed celestial seats, and the very stars and abyss themselves faded, tragedy and evil embarred the breath of the waters and mountains. The fallen star could bear this no longer, and heedless of the great chasm's persuasions to stay it leaped away, away towards the heavens.
As it returned to the skies, the heavenly jade left behind a deep pit, within which humans would build great cities and mighty fortresses, finding refuge and shutting themselves in with the leftover inheritance of that fallen star.
Over the tumult and storms of the next few thousand years, the redoubts of the Dunyu Valley stood tall and maintained prosperous relations with Liyue Harbor up till 500 years ago.
But with the coming of the black calamity and the rise of the Abyss, the residents of Dunyu sealed the ancient city and departed for other lands. None know why these refugees chose to shut the gates of their home, and even the millennia-old adepti and yaksha are silent on this matter.
And so, the sealed fortresses became giant, silent tombs, with naught left in them but the sound of pond water and the wind whistling through empty halls — and thusly, too, did they come to be called the "Dunyu Ruins" by the people of Liyue.
Locations[]
Vol. 1[]
Vol. 1 LocationVol. 1 Additional context
Vol. 3[]
Vol. 3 LocationVol. 3 Additional context
Trivia[]
Volume 2, the story of the Sea God, may be a combination of two real-world mythological tales:
Ximen Bao and Hebo's Bride is a Chinese tale that indirectly relates to Hebo, the god of the Yellow River. Hebo, like the Sea God, rides a chariot drawn by two dragons (or sea serpents in the Sea God's case). In the tale of Hebo's Bride, the Country of Ye was ruled by corrupt elders and officials who concocted a tale that Hebo's wrath was causing the floods in the area and a suitable bride must be given to Hebo every year to appease his wrath. Heavy taxes were imposed under pretense of the wedding ceremony while those who could not pay the taxes were forced to give one of their daughters over. In reality, most of the money was divided amongst the conspirators, while the "brides" were sent away to be drowned. Ximen Bao discovered the treachery and had the conspirators drown themselves, under pretense of having unsuitable brides and needing them to deliver the message to Hebo.
Urashima Tarō is a Japanese tale about the titular fisherman who is rewarded for saving a small turtle who turns out to be the daughter of the God of the Sea, Ryūjin. Its main commonality with the Sea God's tale in Genshin is the underwater kingdom and the protagonist's desire to return to land.
Volume 4's claim that Seelie guide Vision-bearers to treasure is misleading; Seelie will guide any person, even those who do not have Visions. Arundolyn, who never received a Vision,[1] followed a Seelie to treasure and obtained Prospect of the Brave.[2] Ulman's Treasure-Seeking Seelie used to guide him to treasure, even though he is not a Vision-bearer.[3]
The "faraway sea monster" may be the Oceanid Rhodeia of Loch, who took refuge in the waters between Qingce Village and Wuwang Hill after her self-imposed exile from Fontaine. In the event Wishful Drops, one of Endora's Educational Notes says It seems that Oceanids cannot love others, for others will only drown in the embrace of pure waters. So they disguise themselves as the dreams of young children, and withdraw from the lives of all other people.
Translation Notes[]
↑ In Chinese, "Dunyu" is 遁玉 Dùnyù, "Fleeing Jade", while the full phrase is 美玉遁逃之处 Měiyù Dùntáo zhī Chù.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishRecords of Jueyun—Chinese(Simplified)绝云记闻Juéyún JìwénJueyun RecordsChinese(Traditional)絕雲記聞Juéyún JìwénJapanese絶雲紀聞Zetsu'un Kibun‍[!][!]Assumed readingRecords of Jueyun‍[※][※]Reading of Chinese nameKorean절운 기문Jeol'un GimunRecords of JueyunSpanishRegistros de JueyunRecords of JueyunFrenchArchives de JueyunArchives of JueyunRussianХроника Заоблачного пределаKhronika Zaoblachnogo predelaChronicles of Sky-High ReachThaiบันทึกอันน่าทึ่งของ JueyunBanthuek an nathueng khong JueyunImpressive Records of JueyunVietnameseKý Sự Tuyệt VânTales of JueyunGermanJueyun-SchriftenJueyun WritingsIndonesianCatatan JueyunRecords of JueyunPortugueseRegistros de JueyunRecords of JueyunTurkishJueyun TarihiJueyun HistoryItalianRacconti di Jueyun
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.3
Volumes 5 and 6 were released.
English wording changes in Volume 2 (Palace Beneath the Sea):
The translation of  (Chinese: 海神 "Sea God/Archon") was changed from "Sea Archon" to "Sea God." However, the translation of  (Chinese: 神之海 "God of the Sea") remained as "Sea God."
Version 1.2
Volumes 3 and 4 were released.
Version 1.1
Records of Jueyun was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Records of Jueyun was released.
References[]
↑ Weapon: Favonius Greatsword
↑ Artifact, Brave Heart: Prospect of the Brave description
↑ Event Lost Riches/2021-01-08 World Quest: The Path of the Treasure-Seeker, Part I
Hilichurl Cultural Customs
Type
4 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Jacob Musk
Location
Vol. 1
Mondstadt's Library
Vol. 2
Mondstadt's Library
Vol. 3
Grand Master's Office in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters
Vol. 4
Mondstadt's Library
Hilichurl Cultural Customs is a Book Collection found in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters.
Each volume contains an analysis on a certain aspect of Hilichurlian culture.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Trivia
6 Other Languages
7 Change History
Vol. 1[]
It contains the investigations and observations into the cultural customs of the hilichurls by the "Poet Laureate of Hilichurlian," Jacob Musk, a Mondstadt ecologist. This volume features the social structure and characteristics of the hilichurls.
Hilichurlian Social Structure
The social structure of the hilichurl race is evidently a primitive, tribal one. Small-sized hilichurl tribes are prolific in occurrence throughout the wilderness. It seems that they conceive of the tribe as akin to a large, extended family.
By far the most powerful figure in the hilichurl tribe is the Shaman. Extensive field research confirms that the Shaman is the oldest member of the tribe and plays a role in it analogous to that of the parent in the family: managing major affairs and making policy decisions, based on their wealth of experience. Additionally, Shamans act as protector to their tribe using their elemental abilities. Shamans can be identified by their distinctive appearance from other tribe members: They wear horned, smiling-face masks with eye holes at the mouth, and wield a rudimentary Shaman's staff in their hands. A further identifying feature is that they will be heard chanting to themselves some form of unintelligible hymn or incantation.
Age is not always the deciding factor when it comes to status in the tribe. In some tribes, Shamans are ousted from leadership by physically larger Hilichurls with superior combat skills. Under leadership of this kind, such tribes tend to become more aggressive. The chiefs of these tribes can easily be identified from their large stature and ostentatious masks, which also bear horns.
The hilichurls' hostility towards outsiders, coupled with the obvious language barriers, means that conducting specific research on the distribution of resources within tribes has been all but impossible. Nevertheless, Knights of Favonius' patrol reports suggest that resources are typically shared on the basis of  "to each according to his needs". All tribe members are both gatherers and soldiers, but some that prize combat above others develop into seasoned heavyweights of the battlefield. If the tribe stays long enough in an unfavorable environment, these heavyweights will become its most respected leaders.
Interestingly, hilichurls seem to have a unique ability to manipulate the elements despite their low intelligence and primitive social structure. The ability is most notably manifested in the Shamans. Typically, humans require a Vision in order to exercise elemental control. The question of how Hilichurls are able to do so without a Vision is, therefore, one that requires further investigation and analysis.
Vol. 2[]
It contains the investigations and observations into the cultural customs of the hilichurls by the "Poet Laureate of Hilichurlian," Jacob Musk, a Mondstadt ecologist. This volume explores the diverse cultural customs of the hilichurls in relation to Mondstadt's.
Hilichurl Spirituality
Just as the inhabitants of the Seven Nations of Teyvat each have their religious beliefs, so too do the hilichurls. However, they worship not a specific figurehead with a presence in this world — such as one of The Seven — but elemental power itself in a more abstract sense. For instance, some hilichurl tribes in Mondstadt revere Anemo just as their human counterparts do, but they do not recognize the Anemo Archon Barbatos. Instead, they worship the power of Anemo itself. Hilichurls holding different elemental beliefs often live together in the same tribe. An individual hilichurl's elemental affiliation can be deduced from the designs on their masks and the color of their body paint.
Firsthand observations indicate that the Shaman, responsible for organizing offerings and worship ceremonies for the tribe, applies a colored dye to their hair and skin, with the color representing the element they worship. Shamans are dressed and adorned more ornately than ordinary tribe members, but owing to the limited intelligence of the hilichurls it is highly doubtful that any of the fine ornaments worn are crafted by their own hand.
The Shaman is the spiritual leader of his tribe. He leads them in song and dance during worship, singing hymns of praise to the elements. If there is leftover meat from the hunt, the hilichurls place it on the altar, raw, as sacrifice. Even though they accumulate ample Mora, precious stones, and other items of value through exploring, looting, mugging, and other means, it would appear that raw meat alone is considered a sufficient sacrifice.
It would appear that the hilichurl possess no concept of either the past or future, living only in the present. They do not intentionally store up food for survival, nor do they commemorate their deceased forebears. Though crude attempts at something like calligraphy have been widely observed within their camps, closer inspection reveals these markings to be nothing more than botched imitations of what they have seen in ancient ruins, possessing no originality whatsoever. Hilichurls do seem to have an inexplicable affinity for remnants of the past, evidenced by the fact that ruins are one of their preferred locations to camp. But investigations thus far have turned up nothing which might hint at the true nature of their connection with the lost civilizations to which these ruins belong.
Vol. 3[]
It contains the investigations and observations into the cultural customs of the hilichurls by the "Poet Laureate of Hilichurlian," Jacob Musk, a Mondstadt ecologist. This volume features mysterious hilichurls who live apart from others.
The Mysterious Loners
Among the Hilichurls exists a kind of mysterious, large creature possessing both immense physical strength and the ability to control the elements. They use this elemental ability to further enhance their physical state, such as to protect themselves or increase the brute force of their attacks — a combination making them nearly unstoppable.
These powerful Hilichurls are called "Lawa" by the rest of the tribe, a respectful form of address best translated to mean "king" or "chief". However, Lawa don't actually rule over or lead the tribe at all. Rather, these large loners prefer solitude, avoiding the looks of reverence from the smaller Hilichurls.
Adventurers very rarely encounter these gigantic creatures. Still, even the most seasoned adventurers will think twice before going on expeditions into areas where these dangerous Lawas may be roaming.
Vol. 4[]
It contains the investigations and observations into the cultural customs of the hilichurls by the "Poet Laureate of Hilichurlian," Jacob Musk, a Mondstadt ecologist. This volume explores the diverse cultural customs of the hilichurls in relation to Mondstadt's.
Dadaupa Gorge, Mondstadt: a Case for Cultural Diversity Among the Hilichurls
The Meaty tribe is fond of feasting. They have built a boar-rearing pen in the center of their settlement and assigned a swineherd to watch over it. Over a natural stove made with a Pyro Slime, they cook boar stew in a single, large pot from which each tribe member feeds according to their needs.
The most striking feature of this tribe is its sizable combat arena. Those who set foot in the arena are understood to be accepting an open invitation to engage in combat, and those subsequently ousted from it face being mocked by the entire tribe.
The Sleeper tribe is prone to sleeping at every opportunity. They have built themselves an environment especially conducive to sleep, consisting of simple, wooden huts furnished with soft animal hide for beds. They are the most cunning and devious of the hilichurl tribes, and their above-average mental capacity can perhaps be attributed to the superior sleep quality they enjoy.
The practices of the Eclipse tribe are the most occult of any in Mondstadt. They concern themselves neither with brains nor brawn, but with occult power. Distinct from the elemental powers worshipped by their peers, the object of their worship is a crude symbol that appears to represent an eclipsed sun. Their shamans are more powerful than those of the other tribes. In the center of their settlement, the other tribe members have built a grand throne for the most formidable of shamans who leads them.
Trivia[]
The book's cover and spine says HILIFOLK STUDY in the Teyvat Language.
The Traveler's "About the Eclipse Tribe" Voice-Over suggests that the Eclipse tribe may be related to the Eclipse Dynasty, the last dynasty of the Kingdom of Khaenri'ah before its destruction five hundred years ago during the cataclysm.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishHilichurl Cultural Customs—Chinese(Simplified)丘丘人习俗考察Qiūqiū-rén Xísú KǎocháHilichurl Customs InvestigationChinese(Traditional)丘丘人習俗考察Qiūqiū-rén Xísú KǎocháJapaneseヒルチャール習慣考察Hiruchaaru Shuukan KousatsuHilichurl Customs InvestigationKorean츄츄족 풍습 고찰Chuchujok Pungseup GochalStudy of Hilichurl CustomsSpanishLas costumbres de los HilichurlsThe Customs of the HilichurlsFrenchÉtude des coutumes BrutocollinusStudy of Hilichurl CustomsRussianКультурные традиции хиличурловKul'turnyye traditsii khilichurlovCultural Traditions of HilichurlsThaiการตรวจสอบประเพณีของพวก HilichurlKan truatsop prapheni khong phuak HilichurlInvestigations of Hilichurl CustomsVietnameseKhảo sát tập quán HilichurlGermanStudien zu Hilichurl-BräuchenStudies on Hilichurl CustomsIndonesianAdat Istiadat HilichurlHilichurl TraditionPortugueseCostumes Culturais dos HilichurlsTurkishDağ Yabanisi GelenekleriHilichurlHilichurlHilichurlHilichurl Tooltip for HilichurlHilichurlⓘlit. "mountain savage" TraditionsItalianTradizioni culturali hilichurliane
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
Hilichurl Cultural Customs was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Hilichurl Cultural Customs was released.
Ballads of the Squire
Type
2 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Inside the Dawn WineryFrom Ellin in the City of Mondstadt
Vol. 2
Inside the Dawn Winery
Ballads of the Squire is a Book Collection found in Dawn Winery, Mondstadt. Volume 1 can also be obtained by initiating and following a certain dialogue path from Ellin.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Trivia
4 Other Languages
5 Change History
Vol. 1[]
Ballads that have been passed down since the aristocratic period and are said to come from Ragnvindr the Dawn Knight himself. They tell of Ragnvindr's days as a knight's squire.
Down every street in Mondstadt have I strolled.
The air was filled with the stench of misery and the buzz of revelry.
I saw the most arrogant of aristocrats,
And I saw the most pitiful of the impoverished.
At night these streets are a spider's web—some here to feast, others their eternal prey.
I hear a jangling in the night, and know it is the chains that fetter the souls of the oppressed.
I patrol the streets of Mondstadt at nighttime,
Where my peers and superiors would once declare:
"We are the starlit knights, lift thy heads and bear witness!"
"For we, who raise our flag in the splendor of starlight, are the true protectors of Mondstadt!"
But not once have I lifted my head to the stars, or gazed at our flag:
For I cannot shift my focus from the filthy street corners.
Destitute peddlers weep in silence.
Aging soldiers grimace in pain.
In the deathly stillness of night,
A young girl, rejected by the Aristocracy, pleads for Barbatos' mercy.
The sighing of mournful winds rattles the Cathedral gate,
Carrying within them the grief of the oppressed, they assault splendid palatial walls.
Each mother's call,
Each infant's cry,
Enough to dent the hardest of shields.
Enough to shatter the sharpest of swords.
Sounds of sorrow send shivers down my spine.
But in the palace, and in the castle,
Though the wind blows the same over holy ground,
They are but the sighs of ants to the ears of men.
Vol. 2[]
Ballads that have been passed down since the aristocratic period and are said to have come from Ragnvindr the Dawn Knight himself. They tell of Ragnvindr's friendship with a sword-dancer.
One day, at the crack of dawn,
A dancer whose sword was her song set foot in Mondstadt.
Though clad in chains with cuffed hands and fettered feet,
In her silence lay a song:
It was the song of freedom. A song of a brighter dawn beyond the walls,
A joyous ballad sung without reservation by a people unrestrained.
She was the dawnlight of the Wanderer's Troupe,
But she spelled eternal midnight for the Aristocracy.
I once asked her, "Why do you come to overthrow our aristocrats?"
"Do you not know that they are the first among us?"
"Wherefore do you place their lives on a pedestal?"
Came her voice, like a fresh breeze,
"If you claim to know the wind as your companion,"
"Then did you not once know freedom, too?"
To her lonesome listeners she told a tale:
A tale of our rulers' better ancestors who held divine power,
A tale of angels, gods and vile dragons,
A tale of the deities and peoples of all the land.
Each myth and legend she turned to song,
And the wind carried the song to all corners of the land.
In the aristocrats' arena, her sword sang once more:
Her final masterpiece, but it stopped short of perfection.
A nameless knight retrieved her sword from the blood-soaked battlefield.
And buried it where the gentle winds meet in communion.
The book's cover says BREAKING DAWN in the Teyvat Language.
A legendary tale passed down by Springvale hunters that portrays an encounter between an unknown young boy and a spring fairy.
Under the cascading moonlight, a tearful boy made his wish at the spring.
A fairy from afar, who had taken up residence in the unoccupied spring, listened in silence to his wordless wish.
Spring fairies know nothing of distant memories or deep dreams. They are born of water's essence, faceless descendants of the angels.
Thus, when the curious fairy emerged from the water and heard the cry of that boy's heart, she became interested in this life, younger and more fragile than her own. The silent fairy reached out her formless fingers, cold as the midnight dew and soft as fortune forgone and gently caressed the boy's forehead and cheeks.
Startled by this stranger's touch, the young boy lifted his head and met the fairy's gaze. "Can you make my wish come true?" The boy asked.
The fairy of the spring was surprised and confused by this presumptuous question. But she could not speak, and so simply nodded her head.
Satisfied, the boy left.
He did not know that the spring fairy was alone, without friends or family, and that she had lost a great deal of her wisdom.
Only when the spring water flowed from cracks in the stone into her pool, and when she gazed upon the fractured image of the moon in the rippling water, did she slowly regain the ability to think, and to mimic fragments of speech.
Like a curious child, the fairy observed the world around her in innocence, wonder, and love. She rejoiced with the fox and squirrel who stole berries, and grieved at the dark clouds that covered the horizon.
And for that young boy, a feeling complex yet immature welled forth from within her heart.
All alone in this world, she had neither the power nor wisdom with which to grant his wish.
But she could share it, and she drew life from sharing his burdens.
A legendary tale passed down by Springvale hunters that recounts the acquaintance of a spring fairy and a young boy.
As he gazed at the fractured image of the moon carried by the water's ripples, the boy poured his heart out to the spring.
From within his words, she learned much of him.
And from her silence, he strengthened his belief in himself.
Dimly, the spring fairy understood that there was good in the world beyond moonlight and fruits, and more to darkness than mere clouds.
The boy spoke to her of forests and trees, cities and walls, and shared with her his joys, his sorrows and his fears.
As she listened to him, she became enamored of this imperfect world into which she had been born.
When the boy grew frustrated at his powerlessness, the spring fairy would gently and quietly wipe away his tears. From them, she grew to understood the world outside the spring a little more.
Those tears flowed into the water, and the fairy purified them, turning them into a sweet nectar that brought him sweet dreams. The boy forgot the pain of his waking hours, and met the silent fairy by her spring in his sleep.
Every time that happened, the fairy too would smile, asleep in the pool drenched in moonlight.
The fresh dew nourished the boy's dreams, and the boy's dreams rejuvenated the lonely fairy's soul.
In those dreams, the spring fairy told the boy tales of the faraway realm of Hydro. She spoke of her sapphire-blue homeland, she sang of the homesickness of exile, and she sighed for separation and belonging. In these dreams, the boy became the one who silently listened, who wept for her troubles, and who rejoiced in her happiness.
Over time, the spring fairy gained the power of speech from the boy's memories and dreams.
Over time, they became friends who shared all.
Vol. 3[]
A legendary tale passed down by Springvale hunters that recounts a promise made between a spring fairy and a young boy.
When the wind ceased to blow, the moon's fractured reflection in the pool was made whole, and the boy heard the fairy's voice for the first time.
Fairies are tender, sensitive beings beyond the ken of humans, and the boy was deeply taken by her gentle, elegiac voice.
But fairies being tender and sensitive beyond human ken, through his eyes she saw his naked yearning, and the promise that was about to leave his lips.
And suddenly, the fairy was afraid.
Mortal lives are strong but fleeting, and the boy must grow, and grow old. Once youth and innocence had faded, how would he treat his elemental descendants? In the twilight of his life, would he blame himself for throwing his life away for a childish promise?
The spring fairy was pure and kind but she did not understand human love. She had never seen the miracle of humanity, and had merely sat idle through millennia of change. And so, she greatly feared parting.
What humans see as the miracle of devotion, elemental fairies can only perceive as fleeting pleasure.
And even the power of fairies cannot reverse the aging of a loved one.
The tender fairy could not bear to see that unavoidable day come, and with a kiss she stopped the boy from uttering the words.
But the boy, in his innocence, mistook her rejection as her approval of his promise.
From that moment, the fairy vowed that she would someday bear to leave him.
And the boy vowed that he would remain by her spring forever.
Vol. 4[]
A legendary tale passed down by Springvale hunters that recounts a bitter ending finally faced by a boy who was no longer young and a spring fairy who had not grown old.
By and by, the young boy grew up, made new friends and had new experiences.
And the spring fairy, as she had in his youth, sang him her quiet elegies each one.
Till the day came at last, when she left, and gazed no more upon the boy.
Never again did words flow forth from the trickling sound of the spring. Never again would the fractured moon become whole.
The spring fairy suddenly realized that though she had found a place to belong, and though she had experienced fleeting happiness, she was still alone.
The boy, now no longer a boy, could not perceive her flight, and blamed himself for his own solitude.
"Perhaps she was merely a childish fantasy."
He would think this to himself as he listened to the gurgling of the spring.
But that cool kiss was real, as was the wind that once played with her hair.
Suddenly, he realized that though he had met and parted with countless new friends, and though he had adventured and returned more times than he could remember, he was still alone in the end.
So, as they had done many years ago, the boy's tears fell into the pure pond, soaking into the fractured moon.
But this time, the spring fairy did not come as promised. Stubbornly she turned her back, willing to be the object of an innocent childhood dream, to be a fleeting guest wandering from a foreign land, but unwilling to allow her near-eternal life to break her lover's promise.
Legend has it that whenever the rain pours down, the raindrops that fall into the pond mix with the tears of the spring fairy.
To his dying day, the boy believed wholeheartedly in this groundless superstition.
But sadly, the spring fairy who fled from her true feelings could never believe it herself.
Trivia[]
The book series is a fictional account based on the story of Old Finch and Callirhoe.[1] Unlike the boy in the story, however, Finch would eventually be reunited with Callirhoe and have his feelings returned.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishHeart of Clear Springs—Chinese(Simplified)清泉之心Qīngquán zhī XīnHeart of Clear SpringsChinese(Traditional)清泉之心Qīngquán zhī XīnJapanese清泉の心Kiyoizumi no Kokoro[2]Heart of Clear SpringsKorean샘물의 마음Saemmul-ui Ma'eumHeart of SpringsSpanishEl corazón de AguaclaraThe Heart of ClearwaterFrenchLe cœur de la sourceThe Spring's HeartRussianСердце родникаSerdtse rodnikaHeart of SpringThaiหัวใจแห่งน้ำพุใสสะอาดHuachai haeng namphu sai saatHeart of Clear SpringsVietnameseTrái Tim Thanh TuyềnThanh Tuyền清泉Heart of Clear SpringsGermanHerz der QuelleHeart of the SpringIndonesianHati Sejernih Mata AirHeart as Clear as SpringPortugueseCoração das Águas TermaisTurkishBerrak Pınarların KalbiHeart of Clear SpringsItalianCuore delle limpide sorgenti
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
Heart of Clear Springs was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Heart of Clear Springs was released.
References[]
↑ Event Waterborne Poetry Quest: Part III - Heart of the Deep: Heart of the Deep
↑ Event Waterborne Poetry Quest Act, Waterborne Poetry: Part II: Tears Among the Leaves (Japanese Voice-Over)
Tales From the Waves
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Wangshu Inn
Vol. 2
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 3
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Tales From the Waves is a Book Collection found in Liyue. Volume 1 can be found in Wangshu Inn, while Volume 2 and Volume 3 can be bought from Wanwen Bookhouse.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Trivia
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Vol. 1[]
The legendary tale of an anonymous seafarer set in a time when Liyue was plagued by sea monsters.
—Rising Tide—
As the moon hung bright among the sea of stars above, hums of a sea shanty slowly began to rise over the waters below.
There once was a mighty ship that would lay anchor in Liyue Harbor. Its captain was a man who tracked and hunted terrible monsters of the deep, known as the "Skipper". The ships hull was adorned with skeletons of monsters from the sea, an unmistakable signal of their Skipper's fearless will. However, the shanties of the crew seldom made any mention of hunting creatures of the deep. It's not that the sailors didn't revel in their reputation and brag of their achievements, but ages of navigating the merciless seas had taught them that ballads of blood and water were the most unlucky of all.
With his sword in hand, the Skipper sailed across the watery expanse, coasting along rocky reefs and cruising with surging undercurrents. He fearlessly guided his ship to face the roar of squalls and sea monsters alike. The dark worlds that laid beneath murky waters were like boundless hunting grounds. Any monster that would dare stir the tranquil waters often became the next trophy hanging from the side of the ship.
But the Skipper only knew wind and waves, and never seemed to grasp the bittersweet lives of ordinary people. For he occupied all his days with searching and hunting, accompanied solely by the salty sea breeze and the muffled calls of whales in the deep. The crew feared him more than they adored him, ever cautious of his character, relentless as if trying to break free from tangles of seaweed. The Skipper's clipper silently sailed forward, unyielding to the perilous stretches of sea.
Only the young maiden who always sat atop the towering bow could ever reveal a glimmer of softness to the Skipper's eyes. She was his navigator, charmed by the tidal song and humming with the whales, guiding the ship through the wind and waves to waters infested by beasts.
A young maiden at the helm offered her songs to the sea, paying due respect to its every billow and breeze...
"Hark the calls of creatures deep, and echoes of waves tossed in the gale.
When the sea and winds flow in our favor, towards the horizon shall we sail."
"May the deities that have passed, and me ol' captain too,
Steer our bow through the boundless sea, and point our compass true.
May we guide every sailor's soul, to the port they call home."
The chorus of the shanty gave way to the bellowing orders of the Skipper, promptly calling all hands to set sail. The mighty vessel slowly left the port and came underway, sinking into the horizon under the first glimmer of dawn.
This is how the story of every voyage would begin, just as they had each day before.
Vol. 2[]
To the never-ending tune of the ocean, the seafarer fought against the phenomenal foe of fate, fighting to the bitter end...
—Wild Storm—
"Come with me into the watery abyss, listening to murmurs of the deep.
When the wind and waves are right, we sail towards maelstroms of the sea.
I hear the jabber of me ol' lady, wishing well to her heirs to come:
May they navigate blasting winds and o'er dancing waves,
Pierced by heroes' harpoons, may the monster's lair meet the last of its days."
Even in the most violent of squalls, her constant shanties never ceased. The voice of the maiden harmonized with the raging waves, guiding the Skipper over deathly currents, sailing boldly towards the eye of the storm where the sea monster lay lurking.
Skimming across the vortex, ushered by lightning and waterspouts, the ship inched further into the monster's treacherous waters. Flashes of lightning revealed the Skipper's silhouette, fearlessly grasping his sword.
Following the Skipper's fixed gaze, the crew could only make out an alpine shape shadowed by tenebrous clouds. The massive figure that lay skulking in the distance was the body of the beast. The once fearsome skeletons that hung from the ship now seemed like mere cubs compared with the terrifying silhouette that lay sprawling before them like a mountain range in the center of the maelstrom.
At the Skipper's bellowing command, the crew fired broadside after broadside of giant crossbows, unleashing their mortal fears and delusions on the massive body that lay like a towering wall before them. The barrages of cannonballs and barbed iron harpoons left gruesome wounds on the body of the beast.
The sea monster hissed violently in pain, plunging beneath the huge crimson waves before slamming the ship's hull with all its might. The ship nearly capsized against the might of the blow, and crimson waves came crashing across the decks. The sailors were drenched in the foul torrents as they cursed the gods of the elements and continued to rake the body of the beast with stones and sharpened spears.
The ruthless Skipper never flinched at the opponents dealt to him by fate. The thundering roars of the terrible beast were answered by songs of the young maiden atop the bow. The ship maneuvered round the monster, cruising upon the spinning torrents, and answering sharp fangs and swiping stingers with catapults, harpoons, slings, and even mortal bodies to vent their dread and fury.
Once the monster's body was riddled with wounds and nearly all its tentacles and claws had been severed, the Skipper's ship too had been reduced to a floating hulk. Half of the ship's masts had fallen, half of its guns were out of action, and half the crew had been taken as dinner for the monster – even the Skipper's prized sword had been cleaved in two. This was an unwinnable bout, much like a mere child challenging a full-grown adult.
The injured monster knew very well that its opponent no longer posed any threat. Craving to devour the ship that now lay dead in the water, it rose to the surface and exposed its gaping mouth.
Vol. 3[]
Finally, when the tempest eased and the ocean sufrace was tranquil once more, the soft wind played a poignant homecoming tune...
—Receding Torrent—
Although the moon was veiled by dark clouds, her shanty did not cease.
As the surface grew eerily calm amidst the storm, the splintered ship drifted slowly towards the abyss.
The monster's massive spiraling mouth lay open wide, and a rumbling growl came from deep within it. The monster was content with its prey and opened its eyelids, crusted in reef and coral, to witness the final moments of yet another opponent who had underestimated it. The monster's massive eyes revealed their fragile gaze to the dying Skipper.
The monster revealed in the moment and through his pair of eyes beheld a heart that was darker than the abyss.
A final bolt of lightning flashed in the sky above, illuminating the ship as it split into two among the monster's swirling fangs, fading beneath a mist of splinters. Even the screams from the keel were drowned beneath the waves.
And then it was dark again... until the furious roar of the monster broke out over the black waters once more.
The Skipper plunged his severed sword into the eye of the beast again and again, until he was immersed beneath the filthy tide, when finally his broken sword became lodged in the monster's soft eyeball.
As the Skipper drew closer to his treacherous fate, clutched by countless claws and pincers, he continued fighting tooth and nail until the monster's sharp claws were torn into pieces...
A familiar tune then filled the salty breeze as the monster's movements began to cease.
"Sing with me, farewell to the sea, a shanty I hold so dear,
When the sea and winds flow in our favour, I know my end is near.
Ol' captain is calling me name, back to whence I came,
So forget not the captain and I, and hum this melody again.
There will come a day when at last you find me, slumbering in the abyssal deep...
Or perhaps you too then, will be swallowed by the whirlpool in the sea."
The monster's gigantic tentacles burst forth from the water, snaking upwards like towering columns, but the young maiden simply lay there floating on her back, singing amidst the turmoil. Even as the tentacles coiled tightly around her arms, even as the sharp claws pierced her skin, and even as they shredded her clothing to pieces, leaving it floating in tatters on the sea, still she continued to sing her farewell shanty towards the Skipper.
Then, the maiden was gently pulled into the black sea by the monster.
In an age where the sea was ruled by unpredictable disasters the people of the waves die each passing day.
The Skipper awoke to find himself on the deck of some unknown merchant ship. Having lost his ship and entire crew, all he had left was a body covered in wounds and an old dream echoing an ethereal sea shanty.
"When the sea and winds are right, I will go forth to sea and avenge her, O maiden charmed by the tidal song..."
Trivia[]
Serpent Spine was the claymore wielded by the Skipper, and its description tells the end of the Skipper's tale. The Skipper and his relationship with the Chief Mate of his next crew, Parsifal, is expanded on in the artifact set Heart of Depth.
When a small-town boy looking to leave his sleepy hometown behind gets lost in a bamboo forest at sundown, what long-forgotten dreams will he encounter?
Between the rustling emerald curtain of foliage, in a spot where the croak of frogs and shrills of cicadas meet, lies a corner of the forest that is withered and dry, just near the wetlands beneath the mountain crags.
The bamboo forest of Mt. Qingce is the verdant home to many fables.
After a spell of rain, a cadence of drips and drops can be heard bouncing from the bamboo leaves and hollow bamboo stalks. Along a winding path between the bamboo spires came a young boy. He swiftly made his way along the trail, climbing up damp crags and running down its paved mossy course. The leaves of tangled foliage and vines strewn across his path brushed against his skin. The boy finally decided to stop for a rest at a dried and withering spot among the creaking bamboo of Mt. Qingce, tucked away below the mountain rock.
The boy clearly remembered the village elder once saying that the rainy season was the proper time for the fox to take its fox wife. Only eyes of a child could ever see the fox bride's crimson sedan chair and its procession dancing through the forest accompanied by strains of music and thumping drums.
The village elder also warned that kids mustn't approach near any such procession.
"If you wander too close, the fox will snatch your soul away!" That's what the village elder always said.
"What happens if your soul gets snatched?" asked one of the kids.
"Once the fox has your soul, your fate will be forever sealed... Perhaps they will use you for music in their processions, smashing you like a cymbal and beating you like a drum, horns blaring all around... There will be no rest for your soul."
The elder would never forget to pose as if she were beating a drum, scaring all the little ones.
As the boy grew older, he stopped believing the elder's silly fables. Following the Seelie's wispy trails, he passed through the green labyrinth, accompanied by the faint calls of foxes coming from the thickets along the way. Those crafty creatures hiding deep in the forest will seldom reveal themselves or their boisterous bridal processions to careless treading travelers.
The boy was feeling quite low in spirit, kicking pebbles off the road and stomping up the seemingly unnatural stairways along the way, wandering further into the heart of the bamboo forest.
The village elder once said that this very forest was once an ancient kingdom conquered by the Geo Archon. But what did the Geo Archon look like? Did it have arms and legs, or eyes like us? Or, was he more like the stone beasts found along the water banks?
The herb gatherers that periodically set up shop in the city to sell their herbal ingredients would always bring tales of the year's Rite of Descension. Listening to their stories, one could only imagine the amazing scene of the Geo Archon descending to the world. But of course, the curious kids could only hope to someday see the great Archon that had been revered for generations with their very own eyes.
Was the immovable Mt. Qingce a gift from the benevolent Geo Archon? Or were the decades of peaceful living that which had already been ordained by the Archon?
The answers to these questions lay outside the village, within the aging forest on the mountain.
Bubbling with questions and expectation, the determined boy made his way forward beneath the scattered shadows of bamboo leaves.
Vol. 2[]
As the moon slowly rises in the night sky, small-town boy meets bamboo-forest girl — but is he voyaging into the realm of the adepti, or setting foot in some monstrous trap?
Lost among the green bamboo canopy, the young lad soon met an unexpected companion.
"What's the matter? Are you lost?"
The lad heard a gentle voice among the rustling bamboo stalks, speaking with a hint of sarcastic playfulness.
The lad turned to see a slender woman garbed in white. She stood beside a clear babbling brook, with beads of water glistening on her woven rush raincoat, her golden eyes melding with the rays cast through the forest by the setting sun.
The village elder had said that there were once white horses that would leap from clear springs to become adepti to assist the campaigns of the Lord of Geo.
But no one had ever specified which spring, or the honorable name of the illuminated beast that sprang from it.
Besides, the woman that stood before him now didn't appear to be an adeptus, apart from the piercing gaze of her golden eyes.
Furthermore, he had never heard of any adepti that needed to wear raincoats.
"Well if it isn't another fool."
The lady garbed in white began to chuckle, squinting her eyes with a smile.
"Who are you calling a fool!"
Replied the young lad in a fluster.
This was certainly no adeptus. Who could have heard of an adeptus that would speak in such a deplorable manner?
"I embark on an adventure. I wish to be a sail across the seas and witness the stone spears of the Lord of Geo for myself!"
"You've only just embarked on your journey and yet you've already fallen astray among the bamboo forest..."
The woman's reply was calm and even, her eyes making a subtle smirk. The lad already found her particularly annoying.
"I don't need your..."
"There's no shame in being lost. Come, follow me. I will lead out of here."
The woman snickered and extended her slender hand toward the boy. Her white skin glimmered under the rays of the sunset that shone between the bamboo leaves.
"Uh, thank you..."
The young lad took her outstretched hand. Her skin was cold and damp to the touch, much like fresh rain upon a mountain or dewdrops upon a bamboo shoot.
The setting sun gradually fell behind the mountain ridge, and the afterglow in the clear above gradually began to darken.
The village elder said that once the warm glow of the setting sun fades, the spirit of the mountain woods becomes a cold and murky breeding ground for monsters.
These monsters are born from a past that has long gone, their spirits forming from the resentment and unwillingness of the dead. Any bamboo they ensnare by them will dry up and die, and any person they ensnare will similarly grow weary and fade from existence.
"Sometimes, they will even call upon passersby to assist them with matters that they could not accomplish on their own, before leading them into a trap from which they would never return..."
"Other times, they would act as a guide for innocent travelers, leading them to a den of demons."
"So you see, little ones, you must stay vigilant, and never let your guard down when you journey far from familiar soil."
Thus said the village elder, patting the kids on their heads as she finished the story.
Come to think of it, could this woman in white be a monster of the mountain woods?
The lad grew nervous in his heart and couldn't help but slow his pace.
"What's the matter?"
The woman turned around, her golden eyes shining through the moonlight draping over her silhouette.
Vol. 3[]
Deep in the bamboo forest, reality has coincided with a story from the distant past. But the crossover ends as the bright moon reaches its peak in the night sky, and small-town boy disappears into an indescribable dream.
Nightfall seemed to always hasten its approach over the bamboo forest of Mt. Qingce.
Gazing upward, the silvery moonlight was scattered amidst the shadows of the bamboo forest's leaves. In a spot illuminated under the moonlight, far from the croaking frogs and chirping cicadas, new bamboo culms had just sprouted from the ground.
The bamboo forest of Mt. Qingce is the verdant home to many fables.
As night fell, the woman garbed in white began to recount many stories to the young lad, ancient tales that the lad had never heard before.
"Long ago, three bright moons once hung high in the night sky. These three moons were sisters, their years numbering more than those of the Geo Archon and their year of birth predating the very bedrock upon which Liyue Harbor now rests.
The moons were daughters of prose and song, sovereign over the night sky. They navigated the heavens above in their silver carriage, alternating with one another thrice a month. If the reign was not promptly passed from one sister to the next, a terrible disaster would occur that very day.[Note 1]
These three luminous moons shared but one love, the stars of daybreak. Only at the fleeting moments when day and night converged could one of the three sisters pass the fading stars and gaze upon the chambers of the morning stars. Moments later, as the new dawn would break over the horizon, the carriage would quickly ferry the night's sister away.
The three sisters shared an equal affection for their one and only love, much like the affection they shared for one another. But this was all before the world was smashed against the tides of great calamity.
With time, disasters overturned the sovereign carriage and laid ruin to the halls of the stars. The three sisters of the night turned against one another, leading to their eternal parting by death. Only one of their pale corpses now remains, ever shedding its cold light..."
The woman raised her head and gazed at the moon though the sea of bamboo. Her long, slender neck was covered in the silver light and her eyes shone gold.
"The wolf packs are children of the moons, they remember the calamities and the tragedies that ensued. Hence, they lament the fate of their mother with each new moon... It is also why those who live among the wolves call the morning stars, the surviving love of the moon, the grievous stars."
"I see..."
The young lad remained silent for some time.
This was a story that the village elders had never told them before. Perhaps it was a legend that even the eldest of elders had never heard before. Such stories were much more grand than those about foxes taking brides and monsters ensnaring people, but less riveting than the tales of the Lord of Geo driving away evil spirits. The woman's tales were almost like a dream of the imagination.
"These are stories that have never been told, legends that have already been long forgotten by people."
The woman garbed in white gently stroked the lad's hair and lowered her eyelids. The golden color of her eyes grew a bit darker.
"Before the ancient immortals established the universe, there were gods that wandered across the lands. It was at this time that many of the adepti came into being. But what about before then?"[Note 2]
"Only broken memories and fragments of the past were turned into stories, and stories turned into legends, passed down among the people..."
"Even deities and adepti would feel sentimental upon hearing such ancient memories that surpass the mortal world."
The woman let out a long sigh and turned to find the young lad fast asleep.
"Tsk! Unbelievable..."
With a helpless smile, she took off her raincoat and placed it over the young lad.
That night, the lad dreamt of three moons in the sky, and a silver carriage stopped before the gates of the stars.
Vol. 4[]
As dawn gently approaches, the fate of the two youngsters diverges, and they go their separate ways. But the echoes of that ancient story still resound within the forest, waiting for the day that they may welcome small-town boy back into their midst once more.
As day, slowly dawned, the young boy was gently awakened.
Daybreak's light silhouetted the white mist that shrouded the bamboo forest of which tales of ghostly foxes were told, and they seemed like horsetails as they billowed this way and that.
The woman held his hand, and together they walked toward the place where the sun pierced through the woods. They turned left, then right, passing through undergrowth teeming with insects, clambering over slippery moss-covered stones, scaling down a gorge hidden by the shadows of the bamboo trees. All the way she led him, till they arrived at the exit of the bamboo forest.
"I still don't know who you are, or where you're from."
Said the boy, for the previous night's story had yet to leave his mind.
The woman turned, and with her back to the morning light, her eyes shone gold. But she merely smiled, and said nothing.
Many years later, the boy who was a boy no longer would remember that moment, and he would understand: the gap between them was as a yawning chasm. His fate was to leave his home and go to Liyue Harbor, to seek the riches the Geo Archon had bestowed upon him. Hers, then, was to hide herself away, away from the majestic, kindly gaze of that great Lord of Geo, and protect those ancient tales that even she was beginning to forget.
So, the boy and the white-clad, golden-eyed woman were parted. He would pack his things and head for that thriving port city, while she stood silently at the boundaries of the bamboo forest. For in her bewitching eyes she seemed to have already foreseen the young man's fate–that someday, when he was old, tired of the sea and the waves of life, he would slowly return to this mountain village, and there he would live out the rest of his days.
In the dawn's glow, the boy heard a whinnying cry that then grew distant. He turned and looked, and there was nothing behind him, but a single strand of hair that had come to rest on his shoulder.
Notes[]
↑ The original Chinese text is notably different for the latter two sentences:Chinese: 她们驾着银色的高车巡游，每过一旬，便由一位姐妹接替另一位的王位。如是周而复，直至大灾祸降临的那一天。Translation: They patrolled [the heavens] in a silver chariot and every xún*, one sister would take over the position of sovereignty from the last. This cycle repeated itself up until that day the great disaster descended.* 旬 Xún can refer to ten days, ten years, or an unspecified period of time. The English localization assumed ten days, as thirty days approximately encompasses one month in the lunar calendar.
↑ "Before the ancient immortals established the universe" may be a mistranslation, and the original sentence meant to refer to Rex Lapis' unification of Liyue during the Archon War. The original Chinese phrase, 在仙祖定乾坤于一尊之前, contains an adaptation of the Chinese idiom 定于一尊, which was first used to refer to China's unification under Qin Shi Huang; while the term 乾坤 can mean "the universe," it can also be translated as "the nation." Furthermore, 仙祖 "ancient immortals" may be shortened from 众仙之祖 "Prime of Adepti," lit. "forbearer of many adepti," one of Rex Lapis' titles. Put together, this yields a significantly different alternate translation: "Before the forbearer of the adepti united the nation."
One of many popular tales told of Mondstadt's drinkers. This one is the story of a drunkard who stumbled into wolven territory and the lone, starving wolf he encountered there.
In the land where the dandelion wine flows like a river, tall tales have a way of spreading far and wide, following closely in the wake of the whiff of wine.
Far-fetched fables are always sure to spread when boasted between burps by inebriated bar patrons. For these stories share something in common with the slurred speech and sea-sickness-inducing swaying that so often accompanies them, which is that despite being clumsy and awkward, they are also highly entertaining.
Legend has it that there was once a famous drunkard in Mondstadt. It was said that he could hold his alcohol as well as any hunter from Springvale in the off season. And yet, still he would drink till he was drunk, every time that he drank, he would not budge so much as an inch back from the bar at the tavern until not a single Mora was left in his coin pouch, and not a single drop of wine remained in his glass.
One night, this drunkard was doing his best to stumble home after a particularly satisfying session of especially heavy drinking. A combination of his spinning head, blurred vision, and zigzagging stride served to navigate him towards a forest populated by wolves.
Today, of course, Wolvendom is presided over by the Great Wolf King of the North, and the ominous atmosphere that emanates from inside the forest is sufficient to deter most sober-headed visitors from approaching the area. According to the elderly hunters, the Wolf King gathered the spirits of the wolves there to prevent outsiders from trespassing into territory where they are not welcome.
But this was an age long before the Wolf King and the north wind had descended upon that forest, bringing order and peace to the wolven race. At that time, the forest was a perilous place where wild wolves fought for survival. A fierce blood feud between wolves played out deep inside the dense foliage, concealed from view and unbeknownst to any man.
Least of all to the drunkard, who had by this point managed to transport his drunken self quite some distance inside the forest.
He stumbled forward in the darkness with that dogged determination that only drunkards possess, deterred neither by the tree roots that would trip him up every few steps, nor by the stray branches that would slyly slap him in the face from time to time.
Before long, a pair of green eyes began darting through the forest, their gaze fixed on him, tracking his every move.
Those eyes belonged to a lone wolf, who silently pursued the drunkard from behind, all the while musing to itself:
"This is the most peculiar sight I have ever seen in all my life."
No one had dared set foot in the wolves' forest in hundreds of years, be they a knight clad top to toe in shining steel armor or a desperate fugitive dressed in rags. Even the callous nobles refused to exile their slaves there, for fear of inciting the wrath of the wild wolves and bringing unwanted trouble to their own territory.
"And yet, this odd fellow dares to stroll in here all by himself. How very strange indeed!"
The lone wolf pondered this strange phenomenon as it followed the drunken intruder through the forest, doing its best to ignore the stench of alcohol that was wafting its way.
Vol. 2[]
One of many Mondstadt tales told of popular drinkers. This story is the one of the time a lone, starving wolf met a drunken Mondstadt man.
It is a well-known fact that wolves have a far keener sense of smell than humans.
Another way of putting this is that their noses are much more sensitive.
Little wonder, then, that the stench of alcohol emanating from the wolf's now historically intoxicated prey was quite stifling, and caused tears to well up in its eyes.
"Awoo..." the wolf thought to itself.
Having been born in the wilderness and grown up in the forest, the wolf had never had any contact with human civilization before this night, and though it had once caught the faint scent of wine wafting across Cider Lake, it did not know the scent's origin, less still understand the significance of that substance to human kind.
"Perhaps this peculiar fellow is a relative of the skunk, for it seems that he discovered my presence quite some time ago, and now means to poison me in an effort to secure his escape!"
The wolf pondered this possibility as it braced itself against the onslaught of alcoholic fumes, picked up its pace, and discreetly maneuvered its way into the drunkard's shadow — the perfect vantage point from which to inspect its prey.
The wolf is a creature of caution and calculation. The drunkard, meanwhile, is a different sort of creature entirely.
And yet, though wine tends to dizzy the mind and dull the senses, it sometimes affords its consumers the curious capacity to detect the subtlest of changes in the direction of the wind.
Perhaps this could explain how a bumbling drunkard, fumbling through the forest, was suddenly able to discover the presence of a wolf that had been stealthily following him the entire time.
Or perhaps the alcoholic fumes given off by the drunkard were sufficiently potent to diminish the wolf's mental acuity, to the point that the wolf became less mindful of the terrain beneath its paws, the resulting sound of snapping twigs thus alerting the prey to the predator's presence.
"Who's that? Don't s'pose you know which way the toilet is, by any chance...?"
The bumbling drunkard rubbed his bleary eyes.
"Foul-smelling human," snarled the wolf, "Who are you, and whence proceeds your stench?"
The wolf flared its nostrils, bored its fangs, and growled.
Not only was the drunkard unafraid when he heard the wolf's gruffly voiced threat, but he even became quite animated.
"My friend!" the drunkard replied, "Clearly I've offended you, somehow... sorry 'bout that... but anyway, Mondstadt tradition says you're not allowed to be drunk and bored at the same time... So! Here we are, out in the woods on this glorious moonlit night... How abouts I tell you a story?"
His proposal was promptly punctuated by an almighty belch.
Before this point, the wolf had had no intention of listening to the belching buffoon's drunken ramblings. In fact, it was poised to deliver a fatal blow to its prey by lunging for the neck, sinking its fangs in, and tearing his throat clean out.
But the drunkard's belch blasted a further bout of fumes in the wolf's direction, assailing its nostrils with such force that it ruined the wolf's appetite entirely.
Grudgingly, the wolf agreed.
"Grr... Perhaps I'm not so hungry after all... Let's see what nonsense tale you have to tell."
The drunkard stretched out his arms and let out a loud yawn, disturbing a few dandelions in the process.
And with that, the drunkard began to tell his tale.
Vol. 3[]
One of the popular, many tales told by the drinkers of Mondstadt. This drunkard is the one who told the lone wolf of an ancient story.
Legend tells of a lone wolf that roamed a barren wasteland far, far away.
Once, he had been king of his pack, leading them in the hunt, in battle, and in the search for a home... Now, the sole remaining legacy of those days were the scars that covered his body.
He has led the way as they ran across open plains, navigated through abandoned ruins, and passed through the domains of monsters and the Seelie.
The wasteland was a cruel place. The wolf-king grew older with each passing day, and the other wolves gradually dispersed. As time went by, the wolf pack's history faded into distant memory, until finally only the aged wolf-king remained, the sole survivor of its pack.
This wasteland is said to be a land beyond the dominion of the deities, inhabited only by the grotesque ghostly remains of fallen gods, where the former palaces of the Seelie now stand empty.[Note 1] So when the solitary old wolf passed by a gray palace and heard the sound of music coming from within, it caught its attention.
"Never before have I heard a sound so pleasing to the ears, whether it be a song of bird or insect, that it stays the pangs of hunger in my starved stomach as this tune does."
Intrigued, the wolf stepped inside the gray hall, trod across the overgrown weeds, and passed by a broken sarcophagus, on which a portrait of the deceased ruler was still clearly visible.
Finally, he came to an inner room, where he saw a fair maiden strumming at her instrument.
Her skin was ashen white and her head was bowed down, her slender fingers gently stroking the fragile strings of the lute as she played a long-forgotten and mournful melody.
The wolf sat down in front of the pale young maiden and forgot all about the pain of hunger, thirst, and loneliness for a short while, as it listened in silence to her song.
"The chirping of insects on a long-gone autumn night is the chorus of exiles, singing mankind's most ancient song as they live out their plight..."
"Stripped of all that the body once held close and the soul once held dear, song and memories are all that now remain of yesteryear."
"The last singers, the first Seelie, they played their final tune in the halls of angels."
The tiny Seelie playing in the forest were also drawn to the young maiden's tune, and flocked to her to pay their respects.
"What is this song that you play?"
The wolf asked, puzzled, for it understood every line, every word, every syllable she spoke — and yet, hers was a language that it had never heard before, quite unlike that of any other living being.
"A song of the Seelie,"
Replied the pale young maiden in a soft voice.
"Long, long ago, we wrote this song for the human savages. Yet now, we sing it to mourn our own fate."
The wolf began to sing along, albeit clumsily, to the maiden's tune.
The wolf's voice was husky and broken, filled with a lifetime of sorrow.
"What are you singing?"
The maiden asked of the wolf.
"This is our song,"
Responded the wolf.
"It sounds ghastly."
The maiden made no attempt to soften her criticism as she continued to caress the lute strings.
"But, you are welcome to sing along with me all the same."
And so, a shared chorus sung by fair young maiden and weary old wolf filled the chambers of the long-abandoned palace. It is said that to this day, adventurers who pass by this place still hear a strange yet harmonious melody sounding from within.
"And then? ...The story ends here?"
The wolf licked its lips, somewhat ruefully, and then said:
"I suppose I shall tell you a story now."
And with that, the wolf cleared its throat and began to tell its tale.
Vol. 4[]
One of many drinking tales popularly told in Mondstadt. This wolf told a tale of wine and wolf to a drunken man of Mondstadt.
Legend has it that the first wine of Mondstadt was brewed in the age when the north wind howled.
In the age when the Kings of Ice and Frost fought for dominion,[Note 2] Mondstadt's forbears brewed rudimentary wine from wild fruits, even as they shivered in the biting cold. They did so to ease the pain of their frostbitten fingers and to give them the courage to face the harsh and unforgiving ice. For at that time, the land of Mondstadt was engulfed by ice and snow, and the dandelions had not yet reared their heads.
It is said that the first person in Mondstadt to discover the craft of wine brewing was a grossly negligent guard.
In a tribe beset by blizzards on all sides, it was the unenviable job of the hardy hunter-gatherers to stock the storage pits with food, and it was the guard's task to guard against intruders.
The sight of a human intruder was a rare one indeed in that harsh environment — but there were other creatures who could better withstand the cold, and they would burrow underground to reach the food stocks. The rules of the tribe were that one person should inspect the storage pits at all times, filling in any mouse holes discovered — or better still, catching them red-handed in the act of pilfering — to keep the tribe's food supplies at plentiful levels.
At that time, the damp, dark caves needed constant care and attention to prevent the food they held from going bad and rotting. On top of this, the mischievous little creatures that hid away out of sight would sometimes play pranks on the guards.
One day, a wily wind spirit noticed that the grossly negligent guard was once again being grossly negligent. So, the spirit took the form of a fox and crept into a pile of wild apples. There, it caused yeast to grow, ripening the apples and causing them to ferment. The grossly negligent guard was ravenous when he returned, and elected to partake of one of the apples. The mellow taste of fermented fruit delighted both his body and his mind. Immediately, he took animal hide and squeezed the juice from the apples, creating wine.
The grossly negligent guard who first invented brewing in the age of ice and snow also became Mondstadt's first drunkard. It is said he was the first person ever to fall into a drunken dream.
In his first drunken dream, he drunkenly dreamt that he had become a lone wolf. Somewhere in the long-lost past or possibly the far-flung future, he fought fang and claw with rival wolf packs, battled with humans for food in the midst of a raging snowstorm, and met the first seelie.
The tribe-dwelling human and the pack-dwelling wolf could not bear to live in solitude. This newly brewed wine served to bring man and wolf together in their dreams.
But their attitudes towards these dreams were poles apart.
The human who knew only the wind and snow yearned for the wasteland where the lone wolf runs freely, but the lone wolf was fearful of the human's desire. It could not understand why this human was captivated by dangerous illusions and sought hope from within them.
What concerned the wolf even more was that when in a drunken human dream, it could no longer distinguish whether it was a wolf or a human with a wolven spirit.
So the wolf swore an oath never to touch the humans' poison again, to resist the allure of wine.
Wolves are not the children of the wind, and the land of wine and song is not their home. So the wolves left the humans' domain and settled far off in the wilderness and deep in the mountain forests, places where the scent of wine could not reach them.
"What you humans call wine, we wolves call the abyss,"
The wolf haughtily concluded.
But as the wolf turned towards the drunkard to say this line, it discovered that the drunkard was now lying fast asleep on a bed of pine branches.
The wolf was most displeased, and violently expelled a puff of air from its nostrils before leaving the still-pungent pile of sleeping human to his business, and going on its way.
Trivia[]
The book's cover says DRUNKARD STORY in the Teyvat Language.
Notes[]
↑ In the original Chinese version of this sentence, the term "deities" (Chinese: 神 "gods") refers to The Seven, while "gods" (Chinese: 魔神 "demon gods") refers to gods who preceded The Seven. This indicates that the wasteland is the Dark Sea.
↑ This refers to Boreas and Decarabian's conflict during the Archon War; see History of Kings and Clans: Prologue.
A Liyue fantasy novel that tells the tales of Rex Lapis' incognito excursions in the mortal realm. Set in an age when the treasures of the world flocked forth, fact merges with fiction and both blend with old dreams in this charming tale set in the commercial port of Liyue.
Liyue is a land where all kinds of rare and exotic treasures congregate, and where there are precious treasures, one is sure to also find those with discerning eye.
The very first owner of Xigu Antiques — the unconventional collector, Min'gui — was just such an individual.
Xigu Antiques of Feiyun Slope was frequented by well-to-do customers. Closed during daylight hours, it only opened to customers once the moon began to rise in the night sky. The shop's customers were anything but ordinary: they were the wealthy and leisurely, people with outstanding taste.
A meticulously crafted timepiece from Fontaine, incense from Sumeru, a wine goblet once owned by an aristocrat of old Mondstadt, a wooden stool whose surface was once graced by the buttocks of an adeptus for all of one hour, a delicate jade teacup from which the Lord of Geo once supped a sip of tea, a priceless celadon vase that Liyue's neighbor deity, the Anemo Archon, once accidentally knocked the to the ground, shattering it to pieces... All these and more where laid out for the customers to peruse at their leisure, each item just waiting for that one person with whom it shared a certain affinity.
One night, a wealthy young man who was walking by happen to pause in front of the shop, and began carefully examining the items on the shelves.
The owner was struck by his long, black robes, dark and solemn as the looming mountain peaks, and by his eyes, which were the color of amber.
This was no ordinary young man. This Min'gui could tell with one look.
"Welcome to Xigu Antiques," she said. "Please peruse at your leisure, and let me know if you find something you like."
Her soft voice broke the dead silence of the night.
"Ah...? Oh, I'm sorry."
The young man smirked, and spoke in a subtly coy manner.
"I'm just rather taken with this exquisite counterfeit."
The item that had caught his eye was a damaged jade plaque.
The face exposed to the night sky was the one on which the pattern was slightly more intact, and as the moonlight shone down, it seeped into the intricate blemishes in the jade, exposing them, and cascaded down the ravines produced by the crisscrossing texture on the plaque's surface. The severe wear and tear on the front and the disintegration around the perimeter made it impossible to discern the words and images that had once been written on it. By all accounts, it seemed to have lived a turbulent life.
"Counterfeit, you say? What makes you so sure?"
Min'gui was quite used to customers making such provocative claims. But this young man spoke so bluntly and bitingly that she could not help but feel aggravated by his accusation.
Added to this was the fact that this particular item had been snagged by an adventurer from an abandoned palace deep in the heart of the abyss, who had then barely made it back out of that place alive, She recalled how she had haggled relentlessly with the adventurer to acquire the piece, and how in the end it had still cost her the better part of her fortune. If this truly was nothing more than a counterfeit, not only would it imply that she had lost an immense portion of her wealth, but it would also mean irrevocable damage to the reputation of Xigu Antiques as connoisseurs of quality.
Min'gui knew what she had to do: Not only must she somehow get rid of this calamitous customer who threatened to ruin her entire business, but she must also find a way to sell this jade plaque to him in the process.
"Please, continue," she said. "I would hope that you can give a detailed appraisal."
"As we all know, Teyvat was plunged into chaos two and a half millennia ago when the gods declared war on each other, the ensuing conflict spreading to all people in all corners of the land. Teyvat may not have been divided into the same seven nations we know today back in that age, but then, just as now, the people had their own settlements, cities and civilizations..."
"Gods whose names have now long since been forgotten were once venerated, worshiped, even adored by their people. Our forebears took pearls and shells from the sea, jade from the mountains, rocks from the plains, and salt crystals from the earth, each to build idols in form of their gods.
"Jade plaques of this kind are relics of that era. They belonged to an ancient tribe who worshiped Rex Lapis... though, of course, the Geo Lord probably did not yet go by the name Rex Lapis at that time."
"This was an age where people watched their gods clash in bitter battles before their very eyes. Rex Lapis would not establish the currency of the seven nations and cast the first Mora coins for quite some time. So the tribes traded using pieces of ore they would chance across from time to time, with idols made in the likeness of the Geo Lord to ensure price stability."
"As you can see... Mortal wisdom is quite a fascinating thing. They were making their own way in the world even before Rex Lapis had made provisions for them to do so."
The young man paused as if to further contemplate the observation he had just made.
He stood there, cloaked in a veil of silver moonlight, which somehow served to make him every so slightly more diminutive in stature.
"This type of jade plaque is a rare find in this day and age. Most of them are buried in riverbeds up in the mountains. And since each one is hand carved, they are all unique... That is why they typically sell for astronomical prices. To claim that they are priceless would not be an exaggeration."
"So, it is quite a shame indeed that the one you display on your shelf is a recent counterfeit. By recent, I mean that it was probably made in your father's generation at the earliest."
"There is an industry saying, 'the jade without blemish is no jade at all.' This jade, for instance, has remarkably few imperfections, and the translucency is too good to be true... All of which points to the fact that it is unlikely to be a product of our forebears' making."
"As a side point, I would also add that the image carved onto this jade is that of a woman. This is a highly unusual thing to see among similar relics from the era in question."
The young man held the plaque up to the moonlight to inspect it in more detail.
"Although there are plenty of rumors to this effect, the claim that Rex Lapis once took the form of a woman is not attested to by any of the historical records, and there is no physical evidence of it ever occurring..."
Though young, the man had the air of an old and infuriating pedant about him.
"Ah, well this is where you're wrong..."
Min'gui smiled faintly, much as a fox does when toying with an inexperienced hunter.
"Perhaps you'd be willing to listen to my story before making your final verdict?"
The shop owner narrowed her eyes and began the process of reeling out her story...
Vol. 2[]
A Liyue fantasy novel that tells the tales of Rex Lapis' incognito excursions in the mortal realm. Between lofty mountain peaks where bounteous jade lies beneath, substantial ideas and empty lies are suddenly shown up side by side.
Back in the age when the gods still walked upon the earth, the deity whom we now worship as Rex Lapis was but one among many.
In those days, the rumor among the common folk was that the Lord of Geo was a cold and unfeeling god. His conduct was just in all things and his judgments were rational and dispassionate, but he lacked normal human sentiment. Like the rocks, he was without warmth or softness.
Despite this, people revered and placed their faith in him all the same. This was because his laws served to guarantee that trade was fair and that life was safe and orderly. The Geo Archon grew in strength and stature because of the people's belief in him.
But even gods are powerless to control the beliefs and doubts of their mortal followers. And even a god who is the guardian of justice has no means of instilling the words of his rules and regulations into the heart of every individual.
In Mingyun Village there was an incorrigibly irreverent jade craftsman who loved to jest. Whatever job he took on, he would complete it in the most unorthodox means imaginable, and would always finish the job on the very last day before it was due.
If the customer ordered a statue of a hunter dominating a ferocious beast, they would receive a miniature statue of a distressed boar running for its life.
And when the customer demanded an explanation, he would tell them:
"When a formidable hunter closes in on a fierce beast, he may not show his face, but his imposing presence is enough to frighten the beast to its core."
If the customer ordered a carving in the likeness of a powerful and mighty ruler, they would probably receive a statue of a majestic throne.
And when asked about it, he would reply:
"No ruler takes the throne for more than one hundred years. The throne has more longevity than he."
The craftsman quickly developed a reputation as an eccentric in Mingyun Village. But the wealthy merchants in the prosperous commercial port of Liyue Harbor were most amused and were only too willing to place orders with him ー if only to experience for themselves what it was like to be on the receiving end of this mischievous man's antics.
One night, a woman came to his workshop.
She was dressed in a long, slender black gown and her eyes shone a brilliant amber in the light of the crescent moon hanging in Liyue's sky that night.
The craftsman had never met her before, but he quickly found himself deep in conversation with her. It was strange, she seemed acquainted with every vein of ore and deposit of jade in the village. She talked about the wonders of the world like they were her sisters, and spoke of jade and precious metals with a fondness one would normally reserve for their beloved daughter...
The only topics she brushed over were culture, customs, and social interactions.
Perhaps she was not wise to the ways of the world, or perhaps she did not wish to discuss them. Regardless, there was certainly something out of the ordinary about this woman.
At least, the craftsman thought so.
"I would like for you to make me a jade plaque bearing the likeness of the Lord of Geo on its surface."
The woman finally stated her request once their broad-reaching and lengthy conversation had reached its end, and she was all but ready to leave.
"But I have one condition: You may not conjure up our Lord's likeness from your imagination. You must carve the true likeness of our Lord relying on what you have seen with your own two eyes."
"Otherwise," she said, "I'm not paying a single Mora."
And so a deal was struck between the two, with an agreed turnaround of three days.
On the first day, the craftsman dined and drank with his good friends. He did not take a single new job on that day.
On the second day, the craftsman climbed a mountain to view the jade there, not seeing a single customer or acquaintance for the entire day.
Only on the third day did the craftsman close the doors of his workshop and begin carving away at the uncut jade, working from dawn to dusk, until finally it was complete.
When the crescent moon once again began to ruse in the Liyue night sky, the amber-eyed woman returned and approached his doorstep.
The craftsman proudly handed over the fruits of his labor:
A jade plaque bearing the likeness of their god, in female form.
The woman was puzzled. She frowned, and demanded an explanation.
And this was the explanation that he gave:
"On the first day, I sought counsel from every wise and learned person that I know, and learned the principles of our Lord and how they work. But this was just the skeleton."
"On the second day, I visited the mountains and spent a whole day observing the mountain rocks, listening to the ebb and flow of the elements, and pondering all that our Lord had created. But this was just the flesh."
"On the third day, I covered both my eyes and began to carve from the heart, starting when it felt like the time to start, stopping when it felt like the time to stop. At last, this was the spirit."
The craftsman smiled awkwardly, then added:
"But even I'm not sure why it came out like this."
The woman tilted the item back and forth in her hand, as if contemplating something.
"Interesting," she finally responded. "Incidentally, this reminds me of another story..."
She looked up at him with her amber-colored eyes and began the process of reeling out her story...
Vol. 3[]
A Liyue fantasy novel that tells the tales of Rex Lapis' incognito excursions in the mortal realm. Iron-clad concepts of rules or equity fade into nothingness in this fantastical tale.
Liyue is a land where all kinds of rare and exotic treasures congregate, and where there are precious treasures, one is sure to also find those with a discerning eye. At the height of Liyue Harbor's prosperity, a myriad goods and treasures flowed endless in and out of the land like the rising and falling tides.
That age belonged, as does the current one, to the wealthy merchants and ship owners. It was an age in which the ones who reigned supreme were those who dared wrestle with the tumultuous tides of the market and the wrathful beasts of the ocean.
Likewise, then as now, the port was constantly abuzz with sailors and laborers.
Legend has it that Rex Lapis, when appearing in mortal form, does not always take the form of a distinguished gentleman fraternizing with the well-to-do of Yujing Terrace. Sometimes, it is said, he takes the form of a commoner and mingles with the miners, the fishermen, the sailors, and the peddlers.
Back in that day, there was a certain fishing vessel owner who was notoriously harsh and critical in his temperament. He was always rude towards those who worked for him, and whenever something wasn't to his satisfaction, he would jump to conclusions and start scolding them, even docking their wages, without giving them the opportunity to explain their side of the story.
One day, the fishing vessel owner met a young man.
He had just been hired by the fishing vessel owner, and his attire was indistinguishable from that of any other seafarer of the day: a loose-fitting brown shirt and trousers, and a bandana around his forehead. But from his tanned skin and the rugged, karst-like contours of his facial features, it was clear that he was a commoner from Qingce Village who had come down from the mountains into the city in an attempt to reverse his fortunes.
Like most mountain-dwellers of his day, he was a simple-minded and unsophisticated fellow. But what dismayed his new boss more than this was his reluctance to go anywhere near the catches of the slimy and tentacled variety.
"You don't make money by being choosy! Who do you think you are, lord of the manor?"
This was the only justification the ship owner gave for docking the newly hired mountain's man pay.
The youngster simply smiled bashfully and continued with his work. This set the tone for many of the interactions between the two.
But one day, the youngster responded instead with a question:
"Everyone has likes and dislikes, so why should we do the things we hate the most?"
The fishing vessel owner was taken completely by surprise by this random question. Incensed, he slapped his simpleton apprentice on the head and barked back at him:
"Them's the rules of the world, you moron! Listen good: You'll get yourself nowhere in this world if you won't do a job you don't like!"
"But maybe that wasn't what Rex Lapis meant when he made the rules..."
"Shut up, you idiot!"
"Hmm, maybe you'll understand better if I tell you a story."
The young man's eyes shone like amber from the mountain mines in the light of the setting sun.
"Oh? So you're a storyteller now, are you?"
At the thought of this simpleton from a sleepy mountain village telling him a story, the fishing vessel owner found himself suddenly quite curious.
"Go on then... But I expect you to work and talk at the same time!"
A mischievous smile flickered across the youngster's face, and a twinkle flashed in his eye.
"Well then, let me tell you a story about a certain jade plaque..."
And so, the young man proceeded to tell his tale. His boss listened so intently that he never noticed the anonymous pair of hands that were sneaking into his pocket — hands which subsequently pilfered the money he had made from all the wages he had docked before distributing it back out to the laborers.
Vol. 4[]
A Liyue fantasy novel that tells the tales of Rex Lapis' incognito excursions in the mortal realm. In an age of reflection on the treasures of the world, one humble witticism was all it took to expose all lies.
It was a time when countless exotic curios and items would flow into Liyue Harbor.
This night, Min'gui, mistress of Xigu Antiques, was researching relics and narrating ancient stories with an unnamed son of nobility.
The focal point of their debate was a jade plaque.
As many knew, creating a counterfeit jade item was not a matter that cost much capital in Liyue. Creating a beautiful fake might be a shade more expensive, but it was a cost that most merchant houses could absorb.
The real trick lay in weaving an intricate but spurious tale.
Like a jade smith wandering deep into the mountains, or the youth of the fisherfolk whose habits are strange, those considered deviant often in fact strike closer to the heart of things.
Rex Lapis laid down rules and contracts, but never forced the ordinary folk by his authority to live by them as a perfect template, for he knew that laws and stipulations were a means, not the end. The timeless balance lay, in truth, in a person's awareness and their ability to make choices for themselves.
The harsh boss of the fishing vessel did not understand this principle, and so earned the fear and mockery of his hired help.
As humans are, so too are antiques. Artistry, quality, quality and perfection are limiting factors, yes, but the worth of a relic lies in its backstory.
The picky young noble seemed not to wholly perceive this idea, and so had no qualms about calling the jade plaque a fake, denigrating its value.
But if all of Xigu Antiques' treasures were to be scrutinized with such a piercing and empirical eye, their worth would have been ground into dust.
Like the tears of a maiden for her captain, which became eternal pearls, or a mortal king who himself carved a portrait of his deceased queen, before sealing his own soul into it...
These stories, these legends that should have faded with time were preserved, and thus teemed with life under the outer husk of those relics.
"A fine story, I'll take this fake, then."
The noble son nodded, his golden eyes smiling.
"After all that, you still think this is a fake?"
Min'gui sighed lightly.
"Of course,"
The young noble could not help but smile, and indeed had never seemed happier since entering her shop.
"After all, the story you told about jade plaques being ancient currency — it's nonsense. Nonsense that I made up."
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishRex Incognito—Chinese(Simplified)帝君尘游记Dìjūn Chén Yóu JìKing's Mortal World Travel RecordChinese(Traditional)帝君塵遊記Dìjūn Chén Yóu JìJapanese帝君遊塵記Teikun Yuujin-kiKing's Mortal World Travel RecordKorean제군의 속세 여행기Jegun-ui Sokse YeohaenggiKing's Mundane World Travel RecordSpanishRex Incognito—FrenchL'Archon invisibleThe Invisible ArchonRussianВластелин ИнкогнитоVlastelin InkognitoIncognito RulerThaiบันทึกการเดินทางราชาแห่งหินBanthuek kan doenthang racha haeng hinTravel Records of the King of StoneVietnameseĐế Quân Vi HànhGermanRex Incognitus(Latin: Incognito King)IndonesianPenyamaran RexRex DisguisePortugueseRex Incognito—TurkishGörünmez HükümdarInvisible RulerItalianRex Incognito—
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
Rex Incognito was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Rex Incognito was released.
Customs of Liyue
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Fadhlan
Location
Vol. 1
On a shelf at Wanwen BookhouseReward from talking to Soraya
Vol. 2
On Ningguang's desk in the Jade ChamberFound during Zhongli's story quest, Sal Flore
Vol. 3
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Customs of Liyue is a Book Collection found in various locations in Liyue.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Trivia
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
7 References
Vol. 1[]
A book on the cultures and customs of Liyue originally compiled by Fadhlan, a scholar from Sumeru residing in Liyue. It was then edited by many local scholars and published. It is one of the bestsellers in Liyue.
—Flower Ball—
It is customary at weddings in Liyue for the bride to cast a flower ball towards the oncoming crowd of guests. It is said that the one fortunate enough to catch it will enjoy a year of good luck: business owners will see their wealth increase, the poor will see their fortunes turn around, the single will encounter their fated partners, and the married will see their shared life blossom with mutual love and appreciation, never again to descend into petty squabbles over life's daily vexations.
While some brides use a real flower ball, many alternatives exist depending on the family's wealth. The rich tend to use woven balls with silk from the Silk Flower, while the poor fashion theirs from colored paper or cloth. But the custom itself is observed in the same fashion at all of Liyue's weddings, even though the fortunes of individual families may differ.
Some say the Liyue custom was originally adopted from the Ludi Harpastum festival celebrated in the neighboring Wind Kingdom of Mondstadt. Others say it dates back to before the Archon War, when the Salt God roamed free in Liyue. She once stood shoulder to shoulder with the many gods of Liyue, but her extraordinarily gentle nature saw her quickly ousted in the hubris of the Archon War, before being ruthlessly murdered by one of her own followers.
Her remains are likely to be found somewhere in the ruins of the area known as "Sal Terrae." According to a legend that time has unfortunately stripped of all useful detail, she once handed out bunches of flowers to her people as a blessing to them. Or at least, if not a blessing, then a small gesture of comfort to stave off the bitterness of wartime existence. In any case, following her return to the elements, it is conceivable that her followers spread across Liyue, took this custom with them, and taught it to the locals. The people of Liyue being a competitive and fun-loving folk, they may then have adapted it and embellished upon it to suit their own preferences.
Despite being a benign and joyful celebration at heart, security logs from the Millelith indicate that the throwing of flower balls is responsible for a significant number of injuries every year. In fact, the number of cases is more or less the same as those caused by monster attacks.
Vol. 2[]
A book on the cultures and customs of Liyue originally compiled by Fadhlan, a scholar from Sumeru residing in Liyue. It was then edited by many local scholars and published. It is one of the bestsellers in Liyue.
—Receiving God—
Of all the celebrations, ceremonies, and customs of Liyue, none is more iconic than that held in reception of their god: the "Rite of Descension."
It is during this rite that the Geo Archon, Liyue's deity and watchful guardian over the ages, descends in person upon the mortal realm to issue his divine proclamations and exhort the people to be guided by the wisdom they contain, so that all things may transpire in accordance with established rules instead of tending towards chaos.
In the earliest and humblest days of Liyue's history, Liyue's farmer-forebears would elect community representatives to greet the Geo Archon on arrival and give him an appropriate send-off on departure.
After making lavish offerings and reciting solemn blessings, they would listen in reverence to their god's divine predictions, before announcing to the people the vision for their labor in the year ahead. In this way, mortals were guided along the path towards prosperity and to triumph over the obstacles that lay in their way, and thus did the domain of the Geo Archon remain strong and steadfast.
When peace returned once more after the Archon War, the city of Liyue Harbor began to flourish under the government of the Qixing, who represented every trade in Liyue, and who also acted as intermediaries between mortals and their god, taking responsibility for communicating with the Geo Archon, explaining his divine predictions to the people in clear and simple terms, and issuing the official policy for the forthcoming year.
Naturally, the illustrious individual tasked with hosting the Rite of Descension can only be chosen from among the Qixing, and no one other than that person is permitted to intervene in the proceedings.
In the minds of the many merchants of Liyue Harbor, the divine predictions of Rex Lapis are more precious than the metals and minerals of the mountain mines.
Thus, no matter how far from home they may have strayed by the day that Rex Lapis descends, all will seek to make the journey back in person, or at least send someone in their place, so that they may receive the guidance of the Geo Archon and safeguard their financial fortunes for the year ahead.
The raving-mad sages of the nation of rainforests drive themselves to hysterics as they abandon all that is worldly in their pursuit of elusive and esoteric wisdom, but the people of the land of karst cliffs are accustomed to welcoming the generous guidance of their deity as a means towards a worldly end — namely, their continued prosperity.
It would seem that, while The Seven stand shoulder-to-shoulder in their roles as Archons of the mortal realm, there are moments where their paths diverge, and even run directly counter to one another.
Vol. 3[]
A book on the cultures and customs of Liyue originally compiled by Fadhlan, a scholar from Sumeru residing in Liyue. It was then edited by many local scholars and published. It is one of the bestsellers in Liyue.
—Silk Flowers—
For the well-to-do citizens of Liyue, the Silk Flower has a ubiquitous presence in their lives: It has a beautiful color and its soft petals can be processed to make silk. It also has a most delightful scent that can survive multiple rounds of processing, and even the weaving process itself. For this reason, Liyue's botanists have cultivated a special strain for exclusive use in perfume making — with the most luxurious perfumes being offered first and foremost, of course, to Rex Lapis for his approval.
For the women of Liyue, highly prized Silk Flower perfumes are seen as holding different symbolic meanings based on the fragrance profile and composition. The unwritten rule in Liyue is that it is impolite to broach the topic of perfume with a woman in normal social interaction, but also that if an admirer is able to correctly guess the type of perfume one is wearing, as well as correctly deduce its unique properties and characteristics, all whilst conveying this in an articulate and tactful manner, the admirer is more likely to stand a chance of winning one's affection.
A popular belief in the rural regions of Liyue is that the method for decocting Silk Flower perfume was originally taught to mortals by an adeptus living as a hermit on Mt. Aocang. In the age where divine beings coexisted alongside lowly mortals, the adeptus guided humans to learn the ways of courting and romancing from the birds, beasts, and plants. To a young woman bathing in a spring, it once took the form of a graceful illuminated bird, teaching her the exotic techniques of decocting and applying fragrant oils.
Who was this young woman capable of stirring the heart of an adeptus living in deliberate seclusion from the world? With countless legends offering different versions of the story, the truth is impossible to know. But the art of decocting perfume from Silk Flowers was indeed passed on, for it survives to this very day. It is claimed that the subtle undertones of the perfume's scent and the gentle-but-nimble hand techniques used in the decoction process have remained unchanged throughout history on account of having proved themselves supremely fit for purpose time and time again.
As they grow, Silk Flowers will exhibit different properties based on how their environmental conditions differ from their ancestral habitat. Liyue's merchants have coined plenty of tasteless terms for Silk Flowers of all types and uses. They tend to attribute them to Rex Lapis, claiming they once had the fortune to encounter him during one of his excursions in the mortal realm or pass them off as a merciful gift from an adeptus, such details always featuring as part of a wondrous, fantastical narrative. Sales tactics like these always manage to garner the interest of a shopper or two on their way through Liyue Harbor.
High demand has pushed Liyue's merchants towards the mass cultivation of Silk Flowers and the ongoing breeding of new strains. This means that the striking sight of beautiful Silk Flowers is a common one in all highly populated areas, including the city and the towns. Sadly, geographical changes over Liyue's long history and ever-expanding mining activity have conspired to destroy the natural habitat of wild Silk Flowers, meaning that the flower is all but extinct in rural areas. The handful that can still be found in the wild are carefully looked after by adepti living in seclusion there. These Silk Flowers feature daintier, more elegant blossoms, which puts them in stark contrast to those cultivated by horticulturalists in urban centers.
Interestingly, the people of Liyue see the pretty and sweet-smelling Silk Flower as one of the many symbols of Rex Lapis. Which begs the question: Has this mighty and imposing god, who typically takes a decidedly masculine form on his excursions to the mortal realm, ever taken the form of a woman and accepted a ritual offering in the form of a bunch of flowers? The sparse historical records on the one hand and the plethora of rumors of obscure origin on the other means that, while this claim is more or less impossible to verify, it also cannot be simply dismissed as baseless speculation.
On a personal note — the writer has, on one occasion, personally witnessed a Statue of The Seven accept a carefully prepared and distinctly feminine gift that was presented to it in worship. As for the Geo Archon's innermost feelings upon receiving offerings from their subjects, however, this is not something that I, as an outsider in Liyue, consider myself qualified to comment on.
Trivia[]
The flower ball tradition described in Vol. 1 is modeled after a real-life tradition of the Zhuang people, known as 抛绣球 pāoxiùqiú, lit. "throwing embroidered silk balls." (Both "flower ball" and "silk ball" are written in Chinese as 绣球 xiùqiú, which is also the Chinese name for hydrangeas.) In Zhuang tradition, during the Sanyuesan Festival, a woman will throw a hand-embroidered silk ball to a man whom she is interested in. If the man reciprocates, he catches the ball and ties a small gift to it, then throws it back to her. Afterwards, the two will go on a date.[1]
Sometimes, Chinese historical and period dramas depict a woman of marriageable age throwing the silk ball to a throng of men, and whoever catches the ball gets to marry her. While investigation into historical records show no proof that this custom actually occurred, this depiction in media was likely the basis for Mondstadt's Ludi Harpastum, which is mentioned in Vol. 1 as a possible basis for Liyue's flower ball tradition.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishCustoms of Liyue—Chinese(Simplified)璃月风土志Líyuè Fēngtǔ ZhìRecords of Liyue Local CustomsChinese(Traditional)璃月風土志Líyuè Fēngtǔ ZhìJapanese璃月風土誌Riiywe Fuudoshi‍[!][!]Assumed readingLiyue Topography Document‍[※][※]Sino-Japanese reading of Chinese nameKorean리월 풍토지Riwol PungtojiLiyue TopographySpanishCostumbres de LiyueCustoms of LiyueFrenchCoutumes de LiyueCustoms of LiyueRussianТрадиции Ли ЮэTraditsii Li YueLiyue TraditionsThaiประเพณีของ LiyuePrapheni khong LiyueCustoms of LiyueVietnameseLiyue Phong Thổ ChíGermanBräuche von LiyueCustoms of LiyueIndonesianBudaya LiyueLiyue CulturePortugueseRegistros de LiyueTurkishLiyue GelenekleriLiyue TraditionsItalianTradizioni di Liyue
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.2
Customs of Liyue: Silk Flowers (Vol. 3) was added.
Version 1.1
Customs of Liyue: Receiving God (Vol. 2) was added.
Customs of Liyue was moved to the Book Archive.
Version 1.0
Customs of Liyue: Flower Ball (Vol. 1) was released.
References[]
↑ China Daily: Sanyuesan Festival
Records of the Gallant
Type
2 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue HarborLittle Liu Dialogue Reward
Vol. 2
On the rooftop of Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Records of the Gallant is a Book Collection found in Liyue Harbor. Volume 1 may also be obtained from Little Liu at Qingce Village.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Location
4 Other Languages
5 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A compilation of stories and legends of various knights-errant in Liyue. Some of them have been told for a long time but are still popular among the people.
—The Hermit—
The stone forest of Jueyun Karst is a mysterious place engulfed in mist all year around. Myths and legends abound among the herb gatherers, telling of adepti and evil spirits.
Once, there was a herb seller named Qiangu who went to Jueyun Karst to investigate the distribution of medical herbs there. Unbeknownst to him, a group of brigands had followed him into the mountains. They waited for cover of night, and when he let his guard down they struck. He was knocked unconscious. The brigands grabbed his possessions, bound him from head to foot, and left him alone in the valley.
Deep in the night, the herb seller finally awoke. He struggled against the ropes that bound him, and cried out for help. But the vast mountains did not respond. The only sounds to be heard in the thick mountain forest, save for the echoes of his own pitiful wails, were the faint cries of the birds disturbed by them.
Qiangu sank into despair and sighed with sorrow. Just when he thought all hope was lost, a deep voice came rumbling through the mountains, cutting through the cries of nocturnal birds and the whistling of the wind.
"Arise!"
"I am unable to!" The herb seller protested amidst floods of tears. His cry frightened off a fox that was prowling in the night. But as he tensed his body once more against the ropes that bound him, he discovered they had completely loosened.
The herb seller stood up. No sooner had he arisen that the disembodied voice, without pausing to hear the expression of gratitude that would be customary in such situations, spoke to him once more:
"Ascend!"
As instructed, Qiangu ascended the mountain, following the winding dirt track to the summit as the horizon began to glow in the east. From the summit he saw a twisted and withered pine growing on a cliff, its branches sprawling outwards as if trying to escape into the air. The gentle creaking of the branches drew his attention to the ropes that hung from them — at the other end of which hung the brigands from the night before, bound in like fashion from head to foot.
Then he saw the old man whose voice he had heard, his hair and beard as white as snow sat atop a curiously shaped rock as if it were his throne. The old man took one look at Qiangu's disheveled appearance and grinned mischievously before returning his possessions to him intact.
Qiangu inquired as to the old man's origins, but he replied that he belonged to the mountains, his home being wherever he roamed and his bed being wherever he laid his head. Qiangu sought to thank the old man with all manner of courtesies and compensations, but he dismissed them all. After much deliberation, he took just a single Mora to one day give as a wedding gift to Qiangu's beloved daughter, in order that he might attend the wedding feast.
Out of disaster seemed to spring forth good fortune, for following this incident Qiangu's store grew ever more popular while word of the wealthy herb seller himself spread far and wide. Some say that after making his fortune, he returned to Jueyun Karst in search of the old man, but found nothing save for a few abandoned tents and empty wine bottles. Some claim to have spotted the old man at Yaoguang Shoal, disguised as a miner and darting around like the wind between the precipices. Others insist he is a fisherman who spends his time saving those who become stranded at sea. The stories are too many to count, and yet no one knows the old man's name.
Lamentably, age and ill health have now ushered in the twilight years of Qiangu's life while his beloved daughter remains unmarried. Perhaps the day will come that the old man from the mountain attends the wedding feast, but that day seems impossibly far in the future for Qiangu.
Vol. 2[]
A compilation of stories and legends of various knights-errant in Liyue. Some of them have been told for a long time but are still popular among the people.
—Dust—
The area known as the Guili Plains was once an area lush with Glaze Lilies. But it was beset by troubles on every side, forcing its residents of old to flee, while the prosperity of Liyue Harbor would attract many of those who took their place. But even so, many tales of gallantry continue to circulate in these wilds.
In the tales of traveling merchants and porters, there was once a mysterious figure that would surface in the dead of night upon the plains: it was a maiden in a long indigo robe, striding along the shallows of the Bishui River, the moon wrapping her face with silver light as the night wind carried her words up to the shimmering, sleepless stars.
According to guests at Wangshu Inn, only those who get lost amid the firefly-lights on summer nights might see her, and only those who can discern the scent of Glaze Lilies amid the dancing lights and Seelie floating in the dark could find her tracks. Some guessed that she might be a lost illuminated beast, or a sole servant of some long-dead god, gently mourning her master only at night. And some also believed her to simply be a gallant hero, like those who spurn civilization, hiding their real names.
No one knows how her story began, but it ended with the tale of a certain hunter. But unlike the stories of those merchants, the hunter encountered her brandishing a sword against several perilous shadows under the merciless moonlight. After an elegant and sharp dance, the maiden was nowhere to be seen, with naught left but a pile of bloodied dust.The next day, some inquisitive citizens would discover the corpses of Millelith and land surveyors by the river.After this, no matter how many search parties the Ministry of Civil Affairs would send, no one saw that riverside maiden ever again.
Perhaps that deadly dance was the fruit of some vendetta, or perhaps that woman had herself been some great brigand. Or perhaps that matter does not require any rhyme or reason at all. Heroes are heroes, after all, drawing their blades for reasons beyond common comprehension.
But as the lights of Liyue Harbor consumed the deserted countryside villages day by day, this legend too would slowly disappear.Still, the legends hold that the riverbank that maiden had used to roam remains filled with blooming Glaze Lilies to this day.
Location[]
Vol. 2 LocationAdditional context
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishRecords of the Gallant—Chinese(Simplified)侠客记Xiákè JìKnight RecordsChinese(Traditional)俠客記Xiákè JìJapanese侠客記Kyoukakushi‍[!][!]Assumed readingSelf-styled Humanitarian Record‍[※][※]Sino-Japanese reading of Chinese nameKorean협객기HyeopgaekgiStory of Knight-ErrantSpanishRegistros del gallardoRecords of the GallantFrenchHistoire du chevalier errantStory of the Wandering KnightRussianЗаписки благородного рыцаряZapiski blagorodnogo rytsaryaNotes of the Noble KnightThaiบันทึกของอัศวินพเนจรBanthuek khong atsawin pnechonDiary of a Wandering KnightVietnameseHiệp Khách KýGermanAufzeichnungen eines HeldenRecords of a HeroIndonesianCatatan PengembaraTraveler RecordsPortugueseRegistros do Cavaleiro ErranteRecords of the Wandering KnightTurkishCesur Şövalyenin AnılarıThe Brave Knight's MemoirsItalianRacconti del gagliardo
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.5
Vol. 2 was added.
Version 1.1
Records of the Gallant was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Records of the Gallant was released.
Breeze Amidst the Forest
Type
2 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Mondstadt's LibraryFrom Six-Fingered José in Mondstadt
Vol. 2
Sparks Amongst the Pages
Breeze Amidst the Forest is a Book Collection found in Mondstadt. Volume 1 can be obtained by initiating and following a certain dialogue path from Six-Fingered José while Volume 2 is given by Lisa as a reward for completing the Archon Quest Sparks Amongst the Pages in Prologue: Act I - The Outlander Who Caught the Wind.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Trivia
4 Notes
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A collection of Mondstadt ballads, recorded, compiled, and arranged by scholars centuries ago.
—Ballad Selection Excerpt—
"Breeze Amidst the Forest" and "Breeze Upon the Lake" constitute a two-volume collection of narrative poems. The compilation is the result of the tireless work of scholars who have recorded and arranged countless songs sung by Mondstadt bards.
Bards often elaborate or fabricate history to draw in an audience and earn a few extra Mora. Hence, most of their works have extremely low credibility. What has allowed the songs to remain popular to this day, and to stand the test of the thousand winds of time, is the threads of spectacular imagination and ingenious rhetoric that have been woven into them.
"What to be sung hails from ancient times."
"The gods walked among us in their prime."
The poet, who had finished recounting the tales of the ruins and Vennessa, began to tell the story of the Wind Dragon. He began to sing, "The story to be told hails from ancient times, when the gods walked among us in their prime." The dragon graced by Anemo was born* in the high heavens in that age of wonders. He slowly descended, and inspected everything with curious eyes.
He landed in a village, only for the terrified villagers to throw rocks at him. The dragon could not understand why they cried in fear.
He landed in a cemetery, only to hear the lament of grieving people. The dragon could not understand what they murmured in sorrow.
He landed in an orchard, only to be cursed by the furious farmers who lost their trees. The dragon could not understand why they screamed in anger.
The world was too complicated for a young dragon. The dragon was bewildered, yet he did not give up.
One day, the dragon heard music pouring out from the Holy Lyre der Himmel. This was the name of the lyre belonging to the Anemo Archon. Enchanted by the poetry, the Wind Dragon landed beside the best singer under the skies.
People panicked, for the mighty elemental dragons and the great archons that reigned over the earth had never seen eye to eye.
"Behold his beauty and benignity!" The Windborne Bard sang.
"But we do not know him," the people replied.
What mysterious magic lies behind music and poetry that has the power to mesmerize both dragons and humans alike? I, for one, cannot fathom it. The dragon decided to stay with the bard, for he too wished to be understood by all souls. He learned human speech and Windborne Bard's singing techniques.
...omitted...
Later generations regarded him as one of the Four Winds that watched over and protected Mondstadt.
"An atrous sun befell its kingdom and a luminous pearl lost its glow."[Note 1]
"Niveous silk grew dim and wheaten gold burned brilliantly no more."
So begins another tale that occurred in the lost Khaenri'ah Kingdom.
The Eclipse Dynasty had fallen, and disaster spread across the land. The alchemist known as Gold was corrupted by their own greed and ambition, and created an army of shadowy monsters with their uncanny powers.[Note 2] Durin, a black serpentine dragon, rose from the sea to cast its shadow over Mondstadt. But it was at this very moment that there was no one to inherit the title of Lionfang Knight, thus, the Knights of Favonius could not fly their falcon flag.
The persistent yet despondent prayers called upon the archon of Mondstadt, the Windborne Bard. The strings of the lyre were strummed once more, and the Wind Dragon was summoned forth.
As Mondstadt's last line of defense, the Wind Dragon battled the wicked dragon to the death in raging storms.
The Wind Dragon prevailed. He tore open the throat of the wicked dragon, at the cost of ingesting its poisonous blood. The blood of the wicked dragon was distorted gold, with the powers to crumble mountains and poison the earth.
The Wind Dragon protected Mondstadt with his life, and his only wish was to be understood by humans. And so, he drifted off into a deep slumber.
The Holy Lyre played a sorrowful tune.
The Holy Lyre sang: should you awaken, spread your wings and live your life freely! A dragon is born to soar the skies, and mortals shall surely grasp your beauty...
(*Typically, when life arises from the elements, it either descends and becomes a slime, or ascends and becomes a crystalfly. Rarely does this process give rise to dangerous elemental monsters. Elemental dragons are rarely seen and have the powers to match the gods of old.)
Vol. 2[]
A supplement to the "Breeze Amidst the Forest" ballad selection with excerpts from various sources.It tells the story of the Dragon of Mondstadt.
—The Dragon—
An excerpt from "An Investigation into the Cultural Customs of the Wind Kingdom," more commonly known as "Records of Customs and Culture," by Jacob Musk.[Note 3]
The "Wolf" of the Knight of Boreas, the "Lion" of the Lionfang Knight (or "Dandelion Knight"), the "Falcon" of the Knights of Favonius, and the "Wind Dragon" Dvalin have been long regarded as the Four Winds that watch over Mondstadt.
After the Lionfang Knight liberated Mondstadt, the Knights of Favonius was established, and the Knight of Boreas joined them.
The tradition of worshipping the Four Winds was gradually formed in Mondstadt. However, Dvalin, the ancient Wind Dragon, predated them all.
Approximately one hundred years ago,[Note 4] the land was in chaos. Darkness spread, contaminating everything it touched. Barbarians and foul creatures roamed the lands, forcing people to dwell within the city walls.
It was an especially difficult time for Mondstadt.[Note 5] The Lionfang Knight was without a suitable heir, and the Knights of Favonius had lost many of its brave men and women during the bitter wars. During the most difficult of times, Durin, the corrupted dragon of immeasurable power, began attacking Mondstadt.
The prayers of Mondstadt's people awoke the Anemo Archon, and his will summoned forth the Wind Dragon Dvalin. As the last defender of Mondstadt, Dvalin battled Durin with all his might.
The result was clear — Durin's remains still lie atop the snowy peaks to the south of Mondstadt — but the story of how the battle ended was lost in time. It is said that Dvalin ripped out Durin's throat, and together they fell from the sky. Durin's body sunk into the snow while Dvalin was summoned by the Anemo Archon and fell into a slumber.
People used to believe that Dvalin would awaken whenever Mondstadt faces a new threat.
But in these times of peace, the belief of the Four Winds has gradually eroded and their temples lie all but completely deserted.
(Citation of unknown origin: By the time the Knights finally discovered that the foreign monstrosity named Stormterror, with which they clashed countless times, was in fact Dvalin of the Four Winds, the enmity that had grown between them and driven them to conflict could not be undone. One can scarcely imagine the betrayal Dvalin must have felt when he awoke after a hundred years of slumber only to find that the people of Mondstadt, whom he had protected with his life, had forsaken him...)
Trivia[]
The book's cover says BREEZE IN WOODS in the Teyvat Language.
Notes[]
↑ The original Chinese version says 古国黑日落，明珠失其光, which may be intended to be read as "The ancient kingdom's atrous sun [black sun/eclipse] fell; the luminous pearl lost its glow." In this case, "atrous (black) sun" is referring to the Eclipse Dynasty (Chinese: 黑日王朝). The sentence is vague on whether the luminous pearl belonged to Khaenri'ah or not.
↑ In the original Chinese text, it simply says Gold became a sinner and gave rise to countless monsters — there is nothing about being corrupted by greed or ambition, or having uncanny powers.
↑ The original Chinese text attributes "An Investigation into the Cultural Customs of the Wind Kingdom" to an unspecified Musk Family member; Jacob is not specified.
↑ During the earlier Closed Beta Tests, the cataclysm occurred 100 years before the start of the game's story. It was changed to 500 by the time of the game's official release, but the in-game text has not been changed accordingly.
↑ The English translation treats this paragraph as a cause and the following paragraph beginning with "The prayers of Mondstadt's people awoke the Anemo Archon" as the effect. However, the original Chinese text treats them more like two descriptions of events that happened in the same timeframe instead of cause and effect.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishBreeze Amidst the Forest—Chinese(Simplified)林间风Lín Jiàn FēngWind Amidst the ForestChinese(Traditional)林間風Lín Jiàn FēngJapanese森の風Mori no KazeWind of the ForestKorean숲속의 바람Supsok-ui BaramWinds in the ForestSpanishBrisa en el bosqueBreeze in the ForestFrenchLa Brise de la ForêtThe Forest BreezeRussianЛесной БризLesnoy BrizBreeze of the ForestThaiสายลมในป่าเขาSailom nai pa khao sutBreeze in the Forest and MountainVietnameseKhu Rừng GióGermanWaldluftForest AirIndonesianBisikan HutanForest WhisperPortugueseBrisa na FlorestaTurkishOrman EsintisiForest BreezeItalianBrezza nella foresta
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.6
The English translation reversed the adjustment to Vol. 2, changing "*sniff* *sniff*" back to "..."
Version 1.5
The English translation in Vol. 1 (Ballad Selection Excerpt) was adjusted:
"Gaotian" was changed to "the high heavens."
"the bygone demons" was changed to "the gods of old."
The English translation in Vol. 2 (The Dragon) was adjusted:
"..." was changed to "*sniff* *sniff*".
Version 1.2
"Blacksun Dynasty" was changed back to "Eclipse Dynasty."
Gold's pronoun was changed from "his" to "their."
Version 1.1
"Eclipse Dynasty" was changed to "Blacksun Dynasty."
Breeze Amidst the Forest was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Breeze Amidst the Forest was released.
This page is in need of information.Can you help out? Click here to add more.Expand location images
String of Pearls
Type
5 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Yun Jin
Location
Vol. 1
Found at Third-Round Knockout in Liyue Harbor, on the table Jiangzhou sits at during nighttime.
Vol. 2
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 3
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 4
On the rooftop of Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 5
Next to Geri in Liyue Harbor
String of Pearls is a Book Collection found in various locations in Liyue Harbor.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Location
6.1 Vol. 1
6.2 Vol. 4
6.3 Vol. 5
7 Other Languages
8 Change History
Vol. 1[]
Zixin is a poor fisherwoman whose family struggles to make ends meet. One day, she is selling fish on the street when she carelessly loses the string of pearls she usually wears. Though what she does not know is that this lost string of pearls will change her fate for good...
Act I: Of Fish And Water
Male Role: Fan Jie
Female Role: Zixin
Comic Role: Grandma Zhang
Scene I
(Enter Zixin wearing blue clothes)
(Aloud)
Zixin: "The tide reflects the mountains low, a light breeze nurtures reefs below."
(Aside)
Zixin: "I am a fisherman's daughter, I grew up by the dock. This year I am sixteen years old."
Zixin: "My parents are old now. What choice do I have but to take up the oar myself? It would seem I am fated for a life on the ocean."
(Dongtang, lento, innig)
Zixin: "With sail rope in hand, I cast a net among the free-swimming fish. It is with their trade that I shall sustain my family."
(Zixin casts out the net and brings it back in)
(Dongtang, appassionato)
Zixin: "It is hard every day under the sun, moon, and stars. The rich live fitfully whilst the poor must struggle. This is the way of things."
Zixin: "I too am envious of the wealthy women's splendor, though I have never pitied myself, even with but a single string of pearls on my wrist."
Zixin: "I have nothing to show for myself but bare walls. All I have is what I make with my own hands."
(Zixin ties her boat to the wharf and jumps to the shore)
(Dongtang, senza misura)
Zixin: "It's time to go on the streets and sell fish."
(Exit Zixin)
Scene II
(Enter Zixin carrying a hand-basket)
(Dongtang, straziante)
Zixin: "Fresh fish, fresh fish! Buy it here, buy it now!"
(Enter Grandma Zhang carrying a flower basket)
(Sprechstimme)
Grandma Zhang: "Look at those fish (fish wag their tails, spraying Grandma Zhang with water), so fierce! They will make a tasty soup!"
Grandma Zhang: "All soaked like that, from head to hips, don't I look like a young lady with pink cheeks and vermilion lips?"
(Aside)
Zixin: "What do they call you, granny?"
Grandma Zhang: "You can call me Grandma Zhang. I sell flowers on this street."
Grandma Zhang: "Deary, such a soft-spoken girl like you won't sell a fish before the sky turns dark."
Grandma Zhang: "You might be beautiful, but if you're too shy to raise your voice, you won't be able to fill your stomach."
(Zixin lowers her head)
(Aside)
Zixin: "You're so funny, granny."
Zixin: "Oh no... Where..."
Grandma Zhang: "What happened?"
Zixin: "My string of pearls, I never take it off my wrist. But it's gone. How could that be?"
(Enter Fan Jie, dressed in colorful stage clothing and holding the string of pearls)
(Dongtang, andante calmo)
Fan Jie: "Like a golden crow that utters the truth beyond the waves blue, I went for a stroll and a string of pearls appeared in my view."
(Aside)
Fan Jie: "My name's Fan Jie, at your service. I make a living doing odd jobs in the docks. My brothers here selected me as their leader."
Fan Jie: "The string of pearls I picked up today must belong to that lady."
Fan Jie: "I intend to return it to its rightful owner, though I don't want to be falsely accused of any indecent act."
Fan Jie: "Perhaps I shall see if there are any marks of wearing the pearls on her wrist."
(Dongtang, 12-bar prelude, irato)
Fan Jie: "In scorching sun and steaming breeze, does selling fish come with ease?"
Zixin: "My fish are fresh, that I guarantee. Boil them or fry, the choice belongs to thee."
Fan Jie: "Those fish are as fierce as a tiger, they won't stop moving even for a second."
Fan Jie: "Would you step forward and introduce yourself?"
(Zixin steps forward)
Fan Jie: "It's only fitting that these beautiful pearls belong to a fair lady of equal beauty."
(Dongtang, appassionato)
Zixin: "My heart is telling me that this man might be a mack, taking pleasure in playing with me, but he won't fool me with his nonsense."
Zixin: "I turn around with my apricot eyes wide open and scold him."
Zixin: "Such a scoundrel like you must have no dignity!"
(Aside)
Fan Jie: "No need to get so angry, milady. I just wanted to check if there are marks of wearing the pearls on your wrist."
Fan Jie: "It looks like, indeed, you are the rightful owner, milady. Now that the string of pearls is returned to you, you need not worry anymore."
Fan Jie: "My name's Fan..."
(Fan Jie pauses, covers his mouth, and turns to leave. Exit Fan Jie.)
Fan Jie: "It's time for me to go, ha."
(Aside)
Zixin: "Oh hero, please wait..."
(Dongtang, lento, innig)
Zixin: "Led by my timid heart, I wronged a righteous man."
Zixin: "I can't even remember the name of that hero of mine. What should I do to thank him?"
(Aside)
Zixin: "How shameful..."
Grandma Zhang: "But my deary, what is it if not destiny? A fair lady has finally met her noble hero."
Vol. 2[]
The young man who had returned Zixin's string of pearls left without revealing his name. Grandma Zhang comes up with a plan that will allow Zixin to find him...
—Act II: The Search for the Gentleman—
Male Role: Fan Jie
Female Role: Zixin
Comic Role: Grandma Zhang
Comic Roles: Zhang San, Li Si, Wang Er'ma
Scene I
(Enter Zixin and Grandma Zhang)
(Aside)
Zixin: "I have been depressed of late, and in no wise have I been at peace."
Zixin: "For I spoke in error 'gainst a hero seeking to do good."
Zixin: "He sought to return my string of pearls, and I did him no thanks nor ask him his name, but instead upbraided him most grievously."
Zixin: "Shamed I am, and do wish to find my benefactor, but amidst this vast harbor, how shall I find him?"
Grandma Zhang: "As I see it, deary, you need not be sorrowful, nor should you be troubled."
Zixin: "Oh, granny, why do you say so?"
Grandma Zhang: "You need only put up a notice, offering Mora up to the one who returns the string of pearls. Will he not then come forth?"
(Ganging, andante calmo)
Zixin: "Thus is it said—"
Zixin: "As wine turns red peoples' faces, so do riches move many places."
(Zixin lowers her head and paces)
Zixin: "I am of a mind to find him with this device, yet I wonder if he should come forthwith."
(Aside)
Grandma Zhang: "Come now, do not hesitate. Let us take action."
Grandma Zhang: "You shall lose little who rely on me."
(Exeunt Zixin and Grandma Zhang)
Scene II
(Enter Zhang San, Li Si, Wang Er'ma)
(Sprechstimme)
Zhang San: "I am Zhang San."
Li Si: "I, Li Si."
Wang Er'ma: "And Wang Er'ma I."
Zhang San: "Hark at that notice! Let me go up, and earn the bounty."
Li Si: "Shall the officer ask, 'think to do good, do you?'"
Wang Er'ma: "Hah! A fool is he who would speak true."
(Aside)
Zhang San: "Ho, brothers. Are you all bound for that lass Zixin's place, her reward to claim?"
Li Si: "Indeed."
Wang Er'ma: "So it is."
Li Si: "Picked up her headdress also, did you?"
Wang Er'ma: "No, I'd have sworn it was her earrings."
Li Si: "Falsehood - t'was the flower upon her head."
Zhang San: "Fools. Perfume it was!"
Wang Er'ma: "Ah, however it may be, sure am I that we all know well the score."
Zhang San: "Ahahah."
Li Si: "Haha!"
(Zhang San, Li Si, and Wang Er'ma turn to Zixin)
Zhang San: "Ah, Zixin, have you my bounty ready? For I, Zhang San, have found your lost perfume!"
Li Si: "Stand aside, friend, for I have come to return your headdress. The prize is mine, therefore."
Wang Er'ma: "No, no, no, Wang Er'ma it is who returns your earrings. Mine is the reward."
Zixin: "You... you lot dizzy me."
Zixin: "For we have never met, and if I lost my earrings, scents, or headwear, would I not know it?"
Zhang San: "Why, you must have forgotten it in your hurry at the fish-store. Just give the reward here, do not worry!"
Li Si: "The Mora, then, and be quick about it!"
Wang Er'ma: "Or I shall ruin your stall, and your good name."
Zixin: "Ah... How I have attracted the eye of these worthless scoundrels!"
Zixin: "Granny, see what trouble your plan has wrought!"
Grandma Zhang: "Worry not, lass. I shall devise a way to see them off."
Grandma Zhang: "Hah!"
(Zhang San, Li Si, Wang Er'ma fall to the ground)
Grandma Zhang: "I had this lass put up a false bounty to catch such thieves as you!"
Grandma Zhang: "The items you bring are false — now hand them over."
Grandma Zhang: "Or else..."
Zhang San: "Or else what?"
Grandma Zhang: "Then the headdress made of prize Glaze Lilies, the earrings of fine Noctilucous Jade, and the scents shipped in from a faraway land...
Grandma Zhang: "You shall have to pay for them all! Now then, where is the Mora? Give it here!"
(Grandma Mang pursues Zhang San, Li Si, Wang Er'ma, broom in hand)
Zhang San: "Ow, ow!"
Li Si: "Stop hitting us, please! We don't want your Mora anymore!"
Wang Er'ma: "Now to find that fellow who truly picked her things up to come and own up — sooner rather than late!"
Scene III
(Zhang San brings Fan Jie in)
(Aside)
Zhang San: "Why, I have it now. You must be the thief who took the lady's things. My brothers and I took a beating on your account!"
Fan Jie: "I, Fan Jie, have ever been upright, and such things as stealing are beneath me. Do not think to accuse me falsely."
Zhang San: "Well, aren't you a stubborn one? Dare you go up with me to meet the owner of the lost goods?"
Fan Jie: "I fear you not. Let us go! Indeed, I should like to see who it is who maligns me."
(Zhang San and Fan Jie turn to Zixin)
Zhang San: "Is the proprietor not Zixin? I shall see how you get out of this one!"
Fan Jie: "Ah! So it is you, then!"
(Dongtang, appassionato)
Fan Jie: "This was the lady who was wroth, and no more words came from her mouth."
(Dongtang, allegro)
Fan Jie: "Cease deceiving the young woman, for I am Fan Jie, a dock worker."
Fan Jie: "I have lived frugally and humbly. Whereupon would I steal a lady's makeup?"
Fan Jie: "You met my honesty with accusations, though I returned the item swiftly as I could."
(Aside)
Zixin: "Ah, so this hero is named Fan Jie."
Zixin: "It is my fault, then, that he should have been tangled up in this business."
Zixin: "I shall beg his forgiveness shortly — and should he not accept, twice or thrice more shall not be too few."
(Zixin walks up to apologize to Fan Jie)
Zixin: "O, hero, indeed we had a misunderstanding before, but..."
(Fan Jie turns)
Fan Jie: "Hmph."
(Zixin smiles and steps forward)
Zixin: "...I did have some other motive in doing this."
Zixin: "For you did not leave your name behind when you left, and I wished to repay you but found you not."
Zixin: "So I decided on this device. It is my fault that such trouble came to you."
Zixin: "Please, allow me to apologize."
Fan Jie: "Oh?"
(Dongtang, lento, innig)
Fan Jie: "Though I was at first resentful to be maligned, when I calm down to think, I realize it was but a misunderstanding."
Fan Jie: "Calm must rule me, lest I speak in error."
(Aside)
Fan Jie: "If I may ask you..."
Fan Jie: "You said earlier that the business from before was a misunderstanding."
Fan Jie: "You were of a mind to seek the person who returned your string of pearls, and put out that notice, which by chance snared me wrongly, is that true?"
Zixin: "It is, and again, I apologize."
(Fan Jie catches Zixin)
Fan Jie: "Nay, you need not be so polite. You do me too much honor."
Fan Jie: "I, too, acted rashly, and put you upon the spot. I, too, must apologize."
Zixin: "Oh, no, please..."
(Fan Jie salutes her)
Zhang San: "What!? What are you doing? So is the Mora to be paid or not?"
Grandma Zhang: "Oh, shush you. This is their tale — what business is it of yours?"
Grandma Zhang: "See, all the ladies and gentlemen in the audience are here to see a show by Yun Jin. and they have no time for your nonsense."
Grandma Zhang: "Open your eyes and see, and stand aside there."
(Exeunt, Grandma Zhang dragging Zhang San)
Zixin: "Come to think of it, I sell fish here every day. How is it, then, that I have never seen you?"
Fan Jie: "I pass this way each day to work."
Fan Jie: "Perhaps I was lost amid the throng. But perchance we may meet tomorrow..."
Zixin: "So it is... May we meet then."
Vol. 3[]
Our heroine meets the young man again. They fall in love and are ready to live together happily ever after. But a despot who covets Zixin's beauty and virtue is putting the skids under their plans...
—Act III: The Pearls, Lost Again—
Male Role: Fan Jie
Female Role: Zixin
Comic Role: Grandma Zhang
Villain: Wu Wang
Comic Roles: Wu Yi, Wu Er
Scene I
(Enter Zixin and Fanjie from either side)
(Aloud)
Fan Jie: "The dogs do bark excitedly at dawn."
Zixin: "The sun shines, and the frost on the eaves thin."
(Aside)
Fan Jie: "Is that Ms. Zixin I see?"
Zixin: "Indeed, it is! Is that you, Fan Jie?"
(Dongtang, senza misura)
Fan Jie: "I dreamt of you fair last night."
Zixin: "I regretted our parting, though we meet again soon."
Both: "That my heart's desire should come true."
(Aside, unison)
Zixin: "O Hero..."
Fan Jie: "O Maiden..."
(Aside)
Fan Jie: The sun speeds westwards and high, and work begins at the docks. I must go and begin my day."
Fan Jie: "Ms. Zixin, I take my leave."
(Zixin salutes and watches him depart. Fan Jie turns back as he grows further away. Zixin lowers and raises her head again as Fan Jie exits. Zixin wrings her hands.)
(Dongtang, lento, innig)
Zixin: "Ah, to have turned cowardly at the last moment!"
(Exit Zixin)
Scene II
(Enter the playboy Wu Wang, open-collared and dressed in green, with his companions Wu Yi and Wu Er)
(Aloud)
Wu Wang: "I am the great Wu Wang, master of these streets."
Wu Wang: "Today I am bored and idle, and thus stroll about looking for sport."
(Aside)
Wu Wang: "Wu Yi, Wu Er!"
(Same Aside)
Both: "Yes, sir?"
(Aside)
Wu Wang: "I have a mind to eat something new today. Have you any ideas?"
Wu Yi: "What about some Golden Shrimp Balls?"
Wu Wang: "I tire of fine meat and fatty fish. Golden Shrimp Balls seem alright."
Wu Wang: "Wu Er, go hence and find a store that sells a serving of those shrimp balls."
Wu Er: "I will."
Wu Wang: "Wait. It must be fried to a pure golden sheen, without even the slightest hint of being burnt."
Wu Er: "Without even the slightest hint of being burnt. Okay."
Wu Wang: "Hold. And they must be of size most equal. Not one shall be larger or smaller than the next."
Wu Er: "And they shall all be the same size, yes. Do you wish to go over the instructions again?"
Wu Wang: "No need."
Wu Er: "Do you have any other requests, sir? Just say the word."
Wu Er: "And if the store fails to meet your expectations, then let's do as we always do—"
Wu Yi: "What do we always do?"
Wu Er: "Not give them any Mora, of course."
Wu Wang: "No, no, come, look at the fish store yonder. Now there's a beauty more filling than a fine meal."
(Dongtang, lento, innig)
Wu Wang: "Let us go up and seek some details as we may... All the better to seize her with."
(Wu Wang turns to Zixin)
(Aside)
Zixin: "Would you like to buy fish, sir?"
Wu Wang: "Why, of course, of course. Which family do you hail from, miss, and where fare your parents?"
Zixin: "I grew up at the docks. My parents have grown old, and I run the store alone, selling fish to make ends meet."
Zixin: "Why do you ask, sir?"
(Turns, sotto voce)
Wu Wang: "Wonderful, wonderful. Her parents are not at hand. A fine chance to strike, indeed."
(Turns back, facing Zixin)
Wu Wang: "Then, miss, are you yet engaged, or pledged to be wedded?"
Zixin: "I have not, sir, for I have busied myself working all this time."
Zixin: "But sir, what has the matter of my marriage have to do with your business buying fish?"
(Turns, sotto voce)
Wu Wang: "Very good, very good! She has plighted no troth. If trouble should come of this, no one will save her."
(Turns back, facing Zixin)
Wu Wang: "Then, miss, have you one you are enamored with?"
(Zixin lowers her head and says nothing)
(Dongtang, senza misura)
Wu Wang: "See, see how she casts down her eyes without speaking. So, then, there is no such person. Evil enters and masters my thoughts—"
Wu Wang: "Come, friends, take her hence — let us not waste precious time or beauty."
(Exeunt Wu Wang, Wu Yi, and Wu Er, taking Zixin with them)
Scene III
(Enter Grandma Zhang)
(Aside)
Grandma Zhang: "Now then, ladies and gentlemen, if you have listened oft to Yun Jin's plays and become wise to the ways of theater, then you have likely guessed what shall come next."
Grandma Zhang: "Shall we not now accelerate towards a fight most fierce?"
Grandma Zhang: "But afore the hero steps forth, he must by fortune be inspired."
Grandma Zhang: "When evil beasts run amok, disturbing the lives of the people, or when times and tides are turbulent, that is when heroes arise."
Grandma Zhang: "If you should pluck up your courage, your deeds shall be remembered. But if you prove craven..."
Grandma Zhang: "Who then will remember if you were named Zhang Jie, Wang Jie, or Fan Jie?"
Grandma Zhang: "And what's more, we ordinary folk must show our mettle, and yet leave a tale of rescuing our fair lady."
Grandma Zhang: "Let us see how Fan Jie shall act."
(Enter Fan Jie)
(Aside)
Grandma Zhang: "Alas, why have you only arrived now?"
Grandma Zhang: "Miss Zixin here was just taken by the notorious hooligan, Wu Wang!"
(Dongtang, allegro)
Fan Jie: "Ah, alas!"
Fan Jie: "When I heard her words I was a-fright, but I never thought that catastrophe was so near to me."
Fan Jie: "This villain burns, steals, and kills as he wills. If I were to go forth..."
Fan Jie: "I shall, in all likelihood, not return."
(Grandma Zhang tosses the string of pearls to Fan Jie)
Grandma Zhang: "S—sir Fan, wh—whatever shall we do?"
(Dongtang, allegro)
Fan Jie: "As I see these pearls, my resolve hardens—"
Fan Jie: "How could I surrender a maiden to this villain?"
Fan Jie: "Pearl-string in hand, I draw my sword in fury — to make contrite that Wu Wang, and have him sue for mercy."
(Exeunt Fan Jie and Grandma Zhang)
Vol. 4[]
To rescue the one he loves, the young man charges heedlessly into danger, entering the lair of the enemy with his sword drawn: and on the other side, his beloved hangs on desperately...
—Act IV: Trial By Candlelight—
Male Role: Fan Jie
Female Role: Zixin
Comic Villain: Wu Wang
Scene I
(Fan Jie with a robe, stage upper left, Zixin sits alone, stage right)
(Dongtang, appassionato)
Fan Jie: "O cursed villain, to steal a maiden in broad daylight! My beloved suffers and I grieve."
Fan Jie: "So it falls to my sword to bring judgment on those who so forsake the law."
Fan Jie: "Let us away."
(Fan Jie spurs his horse and heads for Wu Wang's stronghold)
(Aside)
Fan Jie: "Swiftly did I ride here, pursuing the sounds of merriment from afar."
Fan Jie: "This, then, must be the wolf's den."
Fan Jie: "If I am to rescue Zixin, I must scout their lair out with care."
Fan Jie: "A good plan. We go!"
(Fan Jie leaps over the rear wall, exeunt.)
(Common time)
Zixin: "Within a lone lamp and half-burnt candles — and without lurk the wolves and tigers."
Zixin: "Who could have expected such disaster? And how shall I flee this hive of villainy?"
Scene II
(Wu Wang enters from right through a door, drunk)
(Aloud)
Wu Wang: "I come and go wherever I am pleased, and even gods fall if I am not appeased."
(Aside)
Wu Wang: "Haha, got one in the day, didn't I? Hehe."
Wu Wang: "That lovely, lovely lady."
Wu Wang: "Now that we have made merry, as is our wont. It is time — we meet the fair maiden!"
(Dongtang, andante calmo)
Zixin: "Here that impetuous drunken rascal comes. Still! The weeping candlelight is in my hand."
(Aside)
Zixin: "You shall not have me!"
(Wu Wang chases Zixin. Zixin strikes Wu Wang with the candlestick. He falls down. She slumps in relief.)
(Dongtang, andante calmo)
Zixin: "In the confusion, a stroke of fortune! On shaking feet I flee."
(Aside)
Zixin: "Not a light to be seen outside. How is this so dark?"
Zixin: "Perhaps I should relight this candle—"
Zixin: "No. Would I not be imperiled if recaptured?"
Zixin: "Better then to carry this unlit light, and grope our way out through the night."
Zixin: "Yes, so shall it be done."
Vol. 5[]
The bandit lair in the dead of night is pitch-dark. The tyrant, the youth, and the lady grope in the dark in search of one another, and there, a perilous misunderstanding is about to play out...
—Act V: Twin Pearls Returned—
Male Role: Fan Jie
Female Role: Zixin
Comic Villain: Wu Wang
Scene I
(Fan Jie at stage upper left, Zixin at stage upper right. Wu Wang lies on the ground, his eyes closed)(The two people grope in the darkness of Wu Wang's lair)
(Their hands make contact in the dark, but not knowing who the other is, they draw away in alarm)
(Wu Wang awakens)
(Aside)
Wu Wang: "Why, that girl is as willful as I, to dare to strike me so."
Wu Wang: "No one is about. Perhaps they have fled further within."
Wu Wang: "Hmph. The night is come, the gate is closed."
Wu Wang: "Unless they jumped the wall, how should that maiden escape? Surely not by the gate!"
(Wu Wang enters the hall)
(Aside)
Wu Wang: "Hah. These louts are drunk out of their gourds. Not one light they lit!"
Wu Wang: "Well, let me get myself one, and let us begin our search."
(Wu Wang steps on Fan Jie's foot in the dark, and they both draw back)
Wu Wang: "Haha, so there you are!"
(Wu Wang stretches his arms out to lunge at Fan Jie, who ducks. They stumble about in the dark as Zixin shrinks into a corner)
(Wu Wang finally grabs Fan Jie)
Wu Wang: "I have you!"
(Aside)
Wu Wang: "Hmm? Have you grown so wide about the waist since last we met?"
Fan Jie: "I put on more clothes, all the better to keep warm with."
Wu Wang: "Indeed, one must wear more in cold weather."
Wu Wang: "Then why have you grown so tall?"
Fan Jie: "I have worn high shoes, all the better to put on a show with."
Wu Wang: "Oh, surely that must be difficult."
Wu Wang: "And why have your hands grown so rough?"
Fan Jie: "Well... Lean closer and I shall tell you."
Wu Wang: "Of course, of course."
(Fan Jie stabs Wu Wang with his sword)
Fan Jie: "To bear a sword, All the better to take your life with."
(Wu Wang falls)
Scene II
(Aside)
Fan Jie: "Foul villain. But a stroke, and you are slain."
Zixin: "Are you Fan Jie?"
Fan Jie: "This voice — you must be Miss Zixin!"
(Fan Jie and Zixin reach out and touch each other)
Zixin: "Fan Jie!"
Fan Jie: "You must have suffered."
Fan Jie: "I have slain that devil. His minions are all that remains."
Fan Jie: "His death shall scatter them like monkeys when their great tree falls."
Fan Jie: "Do not fear, I shall break the gate."
(Fan Jie breaks the gate)
Zixin: "Ah! My life would have been forfeit had you not arrived."
(Dongtang, lento, innig)
Zixin: "A heart of pearls in your house shall nest."
Fan Jie: "In the skies with the wind shall we find rest."
Fan Jie: The white moon shines o'er the catalpas glade.
Zixin: And with lowered head, the promise is made.
—End—
Location[]
Vol. 1[]
Vol. 1 LocationAdditional context
Vol. 4[]
Vol. 4 LocationAdditional context
Vol. 5[]
Vol. 5 LocationAdditional context
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishString of Pearls—Chinese(Simplified)连心珠Lián xīn zhūPearls Connecting HeartsChinese(Traditional)連心珠Lián xīn zhūJapanese連心珠Renshinshu‍[!][!]Assumed readingConnection of Hearts and Pearls‍[※][※]Reading of Chinese nameKorean연심주YeonsimjuConnecting of Hearts and PearlsSpanishLa pulsera de perlasThe Pearl BraceletFrenchPerle du cœurPearl of HeartRussianЖемчужная нитьZhemchuzhnaya nit'Pearl ThreadThaiไข่มุกแห่งดวงใจKhaimuk haeng duangchaiPearl of HeartsVietnameseLiên Tâm ChâuGermanPerlen der LiebePearls of LoveIndonesianMutiara dalam HatiPearls inside the HeartPortuguesePérola de CoraçãoPearl of HeartTurkishAşk İncileriLove PearlsItalianFilo di perle
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.2[Edit History]Version 2.7
The following adjustment was made to Volume 3:
Old: Wu Wang: Wu Er, go hence [...]New: Wu Wang: "Wu Er, go hence [...]
Version 1.5
Volumes 4 and 5 were released.
Version 1.3
Volumes 2 and 3 were released.
Version 1.2
String of Pearls was released.
Treasured Tales of the Chouken Shinkageuchi
Type
1 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Treasured Tales of the Chouken Shinkageuchi is a Book Collection that can be bought from Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 References
Vol. 1[]
The first part of a traditional Inazuman novel. This particular volume is also known as "Shinkageuchi," and was once a restricted text. It contains a fantastical tale about the first Raiden Shogun and her kagemusha, depicting the benevolent sagacity of the first Shogun and the great valor of her kagemusha. However, due to the great popularity of another book known colloquially as "Raiden Reincarnation," many people became interested in stories of this kind. This book thus wound up being published in a haphazard manner.
It is often said that the "drawn bow is like the quartered moon, and studying the blade is like a circle of transparent jade."
It is said that when Narukami came to her people, she brought with her the knowledge of crafting swords. After thousands of years and hundreds of bountiful harvests, mortal swordsmiths were at last able to make swords that would please even Narukami herself. Thus did the Grand Shrine and the Shogunate enact this divine ceremony: they collected the greatest swords in the world and offered them up to the shrine, thus naming these blades "Goshintou." This ceremony was a very lively one indeed, and the practice persists to the present period. However, there are many behind-the-curtain matters concerning the "Goushintou" that few know of.
No famous craftsman merely forges one blade in one sitting. The greatest of their works are known as "Shinuchi," and are given a lovely name before being offered to the craftsman's lord or deity. These are not built for taking lives and are to remain pure. The others are known as "Kageuchi" and will be given to retainers for them use as weapons. These will often be used to shed blood and will thus be stained with impurity and filth.
From the day Narukami Gongen, the First Shogun, began her dominion over the land of Inazuma, she was accompanied by her younger twin sister. "Shin" and "Kage," light and dark they were, mediating and holding court, ordering and giving battle. The younger of the two was named "Ei," and if her name were to be written plainly, it would likely be the word for "shadow," which she was in relation to the first Shogun, to whom she would become the successor.
As most know, only The Seven emerged from the wrack and ruin of the war that rolled across the mortal world like a crimson storm. Though the Shadow Shogun was divinely skilled in martial arts and unsurpassed with the blade, she believed herself little more than a warrior with little understanding of mortal hearts. Thus, she chose to give up her bodily form, helping her sister to ascend to the "heavenly citadel" and obtain dominion over Inazuma. Shortly after, the True Shogun, "Makoto," set up her Shogunate and began to rule over the land. Remembering their bond, she recalled "Ei"'s divine will and reforged her body, thus returning her sister to her side once more as her kagemusha.
Trivia[]
The cover of the book is the same pattern as that on the Raiden Shogun's namecard, Raiden Shogun: Enlightenment.
Ei states that Treasured Tales is fairly accurate regarding the events leading up to the war against Orobashi, which has not yet been covered in the in-game books. However, she says that after that point, the book idealizes her motivations and actions.[1]
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishTreasured Tales of the Chouken Shinkageuchi—Chinese(Simplified)珍说澄研真影打Zhēn Shuō Chéng Yán Zhēn Yǐng DǎChinese(Traditional)珍說澄研真影打Zhēn Shuō Chéng Yán Zhēn Yǐng DǎJapanese研澄真影打ち珍説Kenchou Shinkageuchi Chinsetsu‍[!][!]Assumed readingStrange Tales of the Kenchou Shinkageuchi‍[※][※]Reading of Chinese nameKorean진설징연진영타JinseoljingyeonjinyeongtaStrange Tales of the Kiyoshiken ShinkageuchiSpanishCuentos atesorados de las shinuchi y las kageuchiTreasured Tales of the Shinuchi and the KageuchiFrenchThéories étranges du Kiyoshiken ShinkageuchiStrange Theories of the Kiyoshiken ShinkageuchiRussianДрагоценные сказания Киёсикэн СинкагэутиDragotsennyye skazaniya Kiyosiken SinkageutiPrecious Tales of the Kiyoshiken ShinkageuchiThaiทฤษฎีประหลาดของ Chouken ShinkageuchiThritdi pralat khong Chouken ShinkageuchiThe Peculiar Theories of Chouken ShinkageuchiVietnameseGiả Thuyết Kỳ Lạ Về Chouken ShinkageuchiGermanKostbare Erzählungen über den Chouken ShinkageuchiPrecious Tales About the Chouken ShinkageuchiIndonesianKisah Berharga Tentang Chouken ShinkageuchiPrecious Tales About Chouken ShinkageuchiPortugueseTeorias Estranhas de Kiyoshiken ShinkageuchiTurkishChouken Shinkageuchi'nin İlginç HikayeleriChouken Shinkageuchi's Interesting StoriesItalianRacconti preziosi del Kiyoshiken ShinkageuchiPrecious Tales of the Kiyoshiken Shinkageuchi
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.2[Create New History]
References[]
↑ Raiden Shogun's Voice-Over: More About Ei: III
The Saga of Hamavaran
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Pursina
Location
Vol. 1
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Vol. 2
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Vol. 3
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
The Saga of Hamavaran is a Book Collection sold by the Yae Publishing House.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Trivia
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Vol. 1[]
The prefaces of the new light novel "The Saga of Hamavaran," now combined into their own separate volume due to a business model adjustment!
Foreword
Thanks to a fruitful new writer recruitment drive and the phenomenal success of the contest "This Novel is Amazing!" we have received many highly original works from up-and-coming writers all over the world. We would like to take this opportunity to thank our international writers for supporting Inazuma's light novel industry, and we'd also like to thank Kanjou Commissioner Hiiragi Shinsuke for his grace and generosity. It is thanks to all of you that we are able to bring so many outstanding works to the readers of Inazuma here today.
As you all know, prior to the promulgation of the Sakoku Decree, a number of accomplished samurai from various lands were active in Inazuma. One of them, whose name is Hamavaran, hails from the distant rainforest nation of Sumeru, but came all the way to the land of the lightning's glow to be an agent of chivalry. Though tales of Hamavaran's deeds were once buried during the peak of unchanging eternity under Her Excellency the Shogun, they have now been given life anew thanks to the narrative prowess of a good friend of mine, the budding author, Pursina.
Now, without further ado, please enjoy "The Saga of Hamavaran" at your leisure.
Vol. 2[]
"How could this happen..." An ordinary scholar from Sumeru is unexpectedly assigned an unpopular specialization and ordered to go forth to the land of thunder and lightning... The curtains slowly rise on an adventure in the nation of many shores!
"It's not the tempest at sea I'm worried about, it's the prospect of deferred graduation..."
This was the thought occupying Hamavaran's mind on his long voyage to Inazuma...
"You're worrying about not getting your thesis finished in time and having to delay your graduation, aren't you?"
The familiar-sounding voice came from outside the cabin.
"Shush... Who are you, anyway!?"
"Who, me? Is that important?"
"Good point. No, you're not that important..."
"Hey..."
And so, as the great thunderstorm raged, shaking the seas and heavens alike, Hamavaran began arguing with the quiet voice from outside the window, while all worries about the storm and fears about not completing the thesis on time paled into insignificance.
But strangely, when Hamavaran arrived on shore, the owner of the voice that had been arguing back from outside the window was nowhere to be seen.
"Maybe it was the ghost of a shipwreck victim..."
Hamavaran considered this possibility.
Ghosts are just the Ley Lines' memories of the deceased, Hamavaran reasoned. It's a completely natural phenomenon that occurs due to resonance between past and present. To be sure, it's highly unusual for this to happen in the middle of the ocean, but it's by no means impossible.
"Who are you calling a ghost? You're the ghost!"
Hamavaran had finally produced a satisfactory hypothesis to explain away the symptoms of delirium and had moved onto luggage-collection when the familiar voice piped up once more.
Vol. 3[]
"'Ghost-calling'? Is that the same as 'spirit-warding' back home?" With confusing questions swirling in his mind, Hamavaran begins to speak with his newfound traveling companion. An unexpected journey begins!
"So, you really are a ghost?"
"No! I'm not even dead yet!"
"But you've never been alive either?"
"Um... Yeah, I guess you could say that..."
The talkative young girl, who claimed to be a shikigami, gulped down glutinous-rice dango with such speed and intensity that Hamavaran began to worry she might choke.
"If I had to explain it, I'd say my situation is more like that of a 'ghost-calling.'"
"So like I said, a ghost..."
"Noooo, not that kind of ghost!"
One argument later, Hamavaran finally understood that what she called "ghost-calling" was something roughly equivalent to what in Sumeru is known as "spirit-warding."
Both involve signing a pact using one's real name. The notion that you can command someone when you know their real name is common to many of the world's mystic traditions, and it highlights a core fear held by humans: the fear of being under someone else's control.
With thoughts thusly wandering, Hamavaran once again began to regret specializing in the much-neglected discipline of marine biology instead of mysticism...
First I have to sail all the way to Inazuma, then I have to go through the living hell that is a thesis defense...
But maybe running into this noisy little thing is a stroke of good luck for me...
Trivia[]
The cover is written in the Inazuman Language and reads LGDHMVR, likely standing for Legend of Hamavaran.
The book The Saga of Hamavaran (Japanese: ハマヴァラーン戦記) may be derived from the Japanese light novel and anime The Heroic Legend of Arslan (Japanese: アルスラーン戦記), the story of which is set in a legendary vision of an indistinct amalgam of over a thousand years of ancient Persia and nearby other countries.
The name Hamavaran seems to be derived from the Persian word Hāmāvarān (Persian: هاماوَران), which is the name of a kingdom in old Persian mythology. The name mainly appears in Shahnameh, a long epic poem written by a Persian poet.
The creator of Pursina's Spikes and the author of The Saga of Hamavaran are unlikely to be the same person, but neither have been given personal names to distinguish them.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Saga of Hamavaran—Chinese(Simplified)哈玛瓦兰战记Hāmǎwǎlán Zhàn JìHamavaran War RecordsChinese(Traditional)哈瑪瓦蘭戰記Hāmǎwǎlán Zhàn JìJapaneseハマヴァラーン戦記Hamavaraan SenkiWar Records of HamavaranKorean하마와란 전기Hamawaran JeongiWar Records of HamawaranSpanishLas guerras de HamavaranThe Wars of HamavaranFrenchLes guerres d'HamavaranThe Wars of HamavaranRussianВойны ХамаваранаVoyny KhamavaranaHamavaran WarsThaiสงคราม HamavaranSongkram HamavaranHamavaran WarVietnameseChiến KýChiến Ký战记 HamavaranHamavaran War RecordsGermanHamavarans KriegeHamavaran's  WarsIndonesianPerang HamavaranHamavaran WarPortugueseGuerras HamavaranHamavaran WarsTurkishHamavaran DestanıHamavaran SagaItalianGuerre d'Hamavaran
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.0[Edit History]Version 2.2
The volume name was updated from "The Saga of Hamawaran" to "The Saga of Hamavaran."
Author was renamed from Priscina to Pursina.
Version 2.0
The Saga of Hamawaran was released.
The Byakuyakoku Collection
Type
5 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Complete Collection of Dragons and Snakes
Vol. 2
Complete Collection of Dragons and Snakes
Vol. 3
Complete Collection of Dragons and Snakes
Vol. 4
Complete Collection of Dragons and Snakes
Vol. 5
Complete Collection of Dragons and Snakes
The Byakuyakoku Collection is a Book Collection found in Enkanomiya. It requires the completion of the quest Collection of Dragons and Snakes to obtain.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Trivia
7 Other Languages
8 Notes
9 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A novel based on Watatsumi Island's folktales. The original edition of this text was transcribed on Watatsumi Island and brought back to Narukami Island by a merchant while the former's serpent god yet lived. No one reads this ancient tome nowadays, its role supplanted by all the light novels on the market. This book describes the unique cosmological outlook of the Watatsumi people before they came to adopt aspects of Narukami culture, and a recent resurgence in traditional novel publishing has allowed it to see the light of day once more.
—The Serpent and Drakes of Tokoyokoku—
Mysteries creation conceals, the sun and moon omens reveal.
Three corners in darkness shrouded, the void by five saints clouded.
"The universe has no beginning and no end, and so it was with the land that once was. But this matters not to us, for the land that bears us no longer has anything to do with that eternity without start or ceasing."
— So said the lone sage, Aberaku, to the first Sunchild. The Sunchild had long intended to punish Aberaku. Summoning the sage before the throne in this manner was but an additional way of making things difficult for him before detaining him.
Legend has it that Aberaku was opened up to wisdom by Tokoyo Ookami, and was thus able to bring light to Enkanomiya, which had till then never seen the sun. But the Sunchild grew jealous of his talents, thus imprisoning him for life. Yet these children of the sun never considered that had Aberaku not created that underground star, they never would have existed in the first place.
"The origin of heaven and earth is like the chicken and egg, and are not dragons and snakes kin?" No sooner had the sage Aberaku uttered these words than he was overthrown by troops lying in ambush.
At that time, Enkanomiya had only just been bought some room to breathe by the appearance of the sun. The Dragonheirs loved the dark and shunned the light, and thus could no longer act with impunity. The days when the Dragonheirs would rampage and graze upon humanity like so much grass had, at last, come to an end, for the people of Enkanomiya finally had the means to resist.
Yet it came to pass that the flaws in human nature would rear their ugly heads even before such outside threats could be quelled. The people chose a Sunchild, crowned him king, and worshiped him, and yet he ruled with a brutal hand, framing the righteous.
Unnumbered years would pass before a young child of Enkanomiya would make a wager with his peers. Alone, he would dive beyond the three corners, evading the trail of the Dragonheirs, in search of a Dragonbone Flower. But what he found instead within a great cavern was a mighty serpent, one he had never seen before. Somehow, as he gazed upon the serpent's titanic form, the child felt no fear, but instead a kind of kinship.
"I am the Profane Serpent. Though my servants are numberless, not one mortal now dwells in my shadow. That I have fallen into this realm, and that we should meet... Perhaps this is fate. You are not one of my people, but you are human nonetheless. Speak your desire, and I shall hear it."
"Could you then, perchance, become our god?"
Thus did they, human and serpent, go forth to face the royal authority of the Sunchild and the incursions of the Dragonheirs beyond — thus was the curtain raised on the turning of the tide.
Vol. 2[]
A chronicle that ordinary folk have been forbidden to read. The writing is a mix of fables and histories from the beginning of the world to the creation of the Dainichi Mikoshi.
—Before Sun and Moon—
What we wish to record is the tale of how heaven's will took shape on the earth below. O heavenly gods, these creations are your works. Grant us divine wisdom — let us endlessly record!
"When the Doves Held Branches"
When the eternal throne of the heavens came, the world was made anew. Then the true lord, the Primordial One, came forth and did battle against the seven terrifying sovereigns, dragon-lords of the old world. The Primordial One created shining shades of itself, and the number of these shades was four.
"On Phanes, or The Primordial One"
The Primordial One may have been Phanes. It had wings and a crown, and was birthed from an egg, androgynous in nature. But for the world to be created, the egg's shell had to be broken. However, Phanes, the Primordial One, used the eggshell to separate the "universe" and the "microcosm of the world."
"Forty Years After the Held Branches"
Forty winters entombed the flames, and forty summers churned the seas. The Seven Sovereigns were vanquished, and the seven nations submitted to the heavens. The Primordial One, the great sovereign, began the creation of heaven and earth for "our" sake — that of its creations which it cherished most, who would soon appear upon this earth.
"Four Hundred Years After the Held Branches"
The mountains and rivers were made, and the seas and oceans accepted those who rebelled and those who would not kneel. The Primordial One and one of its shades created the birds of the air, the beasts of the earth, and the fish of the sea. Together, they also created flowers, grass, and trees, before finally creating humans — our ancestors, numerous as the stars in the sky, uncountable as the sand on the shore. From that time, our ancestors made a covenant with the Primordial One, and so entered into a new age.
"The Year of the Ark's Opening"
The Primordial One had a sacred plan for humans. As long as they were happy, it too rejoiced.
"The Year After the Ark's Opening"
The people worked the land, and so came the first harvest. The people mined, and so reaped the first crop of precious ore. The people gathered, and the first poems were written.
"The Year of Jubilee"
If there was hunger, the heavens would bring down food and rain. If there was poverty, the earth would bring forth its riches. If melancholy were to spread, the heavens would reply with their voices. The one taboo was to succumb to temptation. But the path to temptation had already been sealed.
"The Funerary Year"
The second throne of the heavens came, and war was rekindled, as it was in the world's creation. That day, the heavens collapsed and the earth was rent asunder. Our ancestors and their ancestral land fell into this place during that conflict.
The era of darkness had begun.
"The First Year of Darkness"
The people of the Seven Sovereigns had found refuge in the oceans, and the Dragonheirs of the Depths ruled this particular place, which led to war between them and our ancestors.
Our ancestors chased them into the shadows with the light of a thousand lanterns, and they hid in those shadows, hunting us. But there was only darkness in this place, and so their hunting grounds were untrammeled.
The prayers of the people turned into lamentations, but the Primordial One and its three other shining shades could not hear.
"The Parable of the Sun"
In a dark cavern, there lived a group of people who had never seen the light. Among them was a sage who had once seen the sun, and he told the gathered folk about what life under the sun was like, and about the great might of the sun. Seeing that they did not comprehend, he lit a torch — and thus did people come to worship the flame, believing it to be the sun. They even got used to a life of darkness and fire.
When the sage died, someone would monopolize the flame. Using it, they would cast a long shadow over the land.
"The Parable of the Lethied Lotus"
A lotus that causes all who look upon it to forget their troubles. A ship captain searching for the way back to the surface discovered a tribe of people who ate these lotuses. Some crew members stayed in that place. Others rejected that temptation.
Life is a boundless ocean of suffering. We are only searching for the way home.
"The Third Year of Darkness"
We knew the only one who had not forsaken us as the "Ruler of Time." She was the moment. She was every moment. She was the measure of a thousand winds and the sun and the moon. She was every second of joy, every moment of rage, every instant of longing, every minute of obsession. She was every flash of delirium.
We call her Kairos, or "the ruler of the unchanging world." We dare not speak her true, secret name, and so I pen it here, only once, and in reverse: "Htoratsi."
"The Year of Blindness"
The sage Abrax's wisdom was awakened, and he unveiled a light-bringing miracle from within his hands. So our ancestors began to build the Helios, with him as their leader.
"The Year of Sight, or the First Year of Sun and Moon"
Helios, the divine chariot of the sun, was finally completed. The Whitenight came, and Evernight was banished.
The years of the Sun and Moon had begun.
"The Second Year of Sun and Moon"
Our ancestors sought the returning way, for surely the war on the surface had ended by then.
But the Primordial One, the first throne, had laid down a ban, preventing our ancestors from finding the path home.
In that case, the Primordial One must have defeated the Second Who Came.
Abrax was imprisoned by order of the Sunchild.
"The Parable of the Tree"
The king's gardener and the tree spirit of the royal garden were in love. But the king wished to repair the beams of his pavilion, and so needed to cut down the tree with the most spiritual energy within it. The king was the incarnation of the Primordial One, and the gardener could not defy the sovereign of sovereigns, and so he could only bring his plea to the king's priest, who was the incarnation of Tokoyo Ookami.
The priest had pity on the gardener and said to him: "Go, and cut the branches of the spirit-tree down." The gardener did so, and afterward did as the king ordered, cutting the spirit-tree itself down.
Then the priest said: "Plant the spirit-tree's branches in the ground." But the gardener said: "A spirit-tree shall take five hundred years to grow." The priest said: "Your one thought shall echo through eternity." And so the gardener planted the branches in his back yard. In an instant, the slim branches grow into a new tree, and the new tree spirit was a continuation of the past one.
For it is the God of Moments who is able to take "seeds" from this "moment" into the past and the future.
The Tenth Year of Sun and Moon
Abrax is long gone. The events before the sun and the moon have been recorded sufficiently. Well, if I did not dare to write things down just as they happened, how could I consider myself a scribe of Tokoyo Ookami?
Hark, I hear armor without. Here, I shall stop writing.
Vol. 3[]
This text records the geography and hydrology of Byakuyakoku. With the sealing of the depths and the emigration of the people of Watatsumi, as well as the passing of long years, this book is now useless.
—Hydrological Studies in Byakuyakoku—
The lands beneath the aphotic depths are vastly different from those on the surface, to the extent that all surface-derived common sense must be abandoned down below. All we formerly knew of land and sea was given unto us directly by the heavens. In this new world of ours, we must begin groping even for the simplest methodologies anew.
O you who come after and read these words, do not take the life you lead for normalcy. Even if after a hundred or a thousand years, people should grow used to life down here, always remember — these days with neither sun nor moon are abnormal. Even if some sage were to draw us the sun, there will surely be filthy wretches who will borrow its light to cast long shadows over us.
This book is intended to help people understand the world they live in, and to never forget our desire to return to the light.
(This book has been constantly edited, redacted, and modified over the years. Even the name of the book's title has seen change from "Aphotic Earth" to "Tokoyokoku," before becoming "Byakuyakoku." Later, due to the grace of Watatsumi, the people of the depths would return to the sea's surface. But it seems like "Aphotic Earth" has some special meaning, and it has not been universally changed throughout the text.)
Of Wind and Water
Byakuyakoku has no mountains to speak of, and so it is pointless to speak of them.
However, our priests and sages have detected something. Even in these depths, the power of the "undying wind" and the "water" still remain. The personification of the "undying wind" is known as "Tokoyo Ookami," and is poetically rendered "the thousand winds" or "the thousand winds of time." "Water," on the other hand, is the might of the Vishap Realm, represented by the Bathysmal Vishaps.
We have already developed a certain field of study regarding the relationship between Sunfire, wind, and water. As such, both hydrology and the undying wind must be considered before undertaking any project of civil engineering.
The Borders of Byakuyakoku
The borders of Byakuyakoku are marked out by three corners. These mark the limits of the see-saw clash between humanity and the vishaps.
During the era of Byakuyakoku, Towers of the Three Realms were built at these three corners, used to harmonize the three realms. Their ancient names have been lost to time, and they were renamed after the coming of Watatsumi.
These towers are exceedingly important, and they are not in locations aligned with either wind or water. Rather, their purpose is to stabilize the tendencies of Byakuyakoku and control its winds and waters.
If these towers were to be imperiled, so would the entire nation. As such, they have been hidden using secret arts. Only the shrine maidens and the Vassals of Watatsumi can summon them forth.
The Narrows
The Narrows were, in the earliest times, sandwiched between the mountain face and an area known as the Roundlands, thus earning that location its name. However, the exceedingly strange tectonic shifts in Byakuyakoku caused the Roundlands to collapse into the depths, thus causing The Narrows to widen significantly.
The Serpent's Heart
From the first time our ancestors discovered this place, it had already played host to a unique phenomenon in which space itself might overlap in a certain locale. Later, those who came before us would utilize this phenomenon by creating the Serpent's Heart. It would be used to guard secrets, imprison criminals, and worship the great imaginary serpent, Ouroboros.
In the earliest times, this place was called Delphi, the land of snakes. This name did not change even after the arrival of Watatsumi Omikami. Ancient art depicts the scaleless serpent as "Ouroboros," and the coral-adorned serpent as "Orobashi."
Dainichi Mikoshi
The earliest name of this place was "Helios," and it was the high tower built by the sage Aberaku, standing for earth, the element between wind and water.
According to prophecy, this was likely the sun that the sage displayed, used to light those lightless caverns. And just as those prophecies suggested, it was also later used to cast a great shadow over the nation.
Vol. 4[]
Experimental Records of the Bathysmal Vishaps. No vishaps were killed in the writing of these records.
—Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records—
...Effective today, all experiments regarding the Dragonheirs will be directed by Watatsumi Omikami in person. All files preceding the founding year of the Watatsumi calendar have been destroyed. Dossier serial numbers shall no longer use the categories Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, and Epsilon, which used the ancient Watatsumi tongue. Instead, we shall use Earth, Water, Fire, Wind, Ether, and Void going forward.[Note 1]
All quotes and notations are to be written within quotation marks (""). The following order of writing should be observed: File Header-Serial Number-Subject-Author. Author can be omitted, or their internal title within the research lab may be used. Usage of a researcher's ancient Byakuyakoku/Enkanomiya name or modern Watatsumi/Narukami/Inazuman name is forbidden.
These experimental records are not to be used for the writing of diaries, love letters, or fantasy novels.
The Dragonheirs' (hereafter named Bathysmal Vishaps or plain vishaps) evolution is plain for all to see. ("Water-101-Dragonheir Evolution: I")
We have tried lowering the temperature in the living environs of a young heat-resistant vishap. As a result, they were weaker once matured. We suspect that this is because its body did not possess the "seed" required to resist such an environment. However, its descendants would all possess high body fat, greater predilection towards sleep, and would express the Cryo element. (Please refer to the experimental data after the main text. The abnormal data derived from Sample 3 is due to my assistant feeling sorry for the subject of the anti-hunger control group and feeding it surreptitiously.)
When we then placed their descendants into sweltering conditions, they would again choose, like their ancestors, the heat resistance trait. However, none of them have developed traits indicative of the Pyro element thus far.
We do not have enough data to reach a conclusion at present, but we can make an educated guess that Bathysmal Vishaps have the ability to awaken their "seed" freely before maturation. Vishap mothers can also create new "seeds" to pass on to their descendants should they encounter heretofore unseen, challenging environments.
It can be said that even before encountering us, the people of Enkanomiya, the Bathysmal Vishaps had already stored a veritable armory within their bodies.
The results of the intelligence tests are astonishing. ("Void-207-Vishap Intelligence Research"). Through a screening process consisting of rewards and punishments (although previous research indicates that screening is unnecessary — vishaps are, one and all, adapters par excellence), the linguistic capacities of vishaps four generations down are starting to approach that of a 12-year-old human student. Perhaps it might be more accurate to say that vishaps always had their own methods of communication, and what they are displaying here is their ability to learn.
We believe that these experiments should be stopped. If not, we may yet be proven narrow-minded for having dismissed that last person who wrote a fantastical tale about vishap-people.
Prophecy holds that the Dragon Sovereign of Water will be born in a human form. We must not let this thing happen in Enkanomiya.
All previous attempts at grafting have failed. ("Void-907-Watatsumi Omikami's Special Orders: I"). Because they cannot accept Watatsumi Omikami's blood, the vishaps will fall victim to various adverse effects. Perhaps they are not yet strong enough, but we cannot be sure — indeed, according to our rationalized vishap evolutionary roadmap, we should have already bred the strongest vishap possible.
The grafting can be considered a success. ("Void-907-Watatsumi Omikami's Special Orders: III"). The rejection originates from the vishaps having been beings of the Light Realm (also known as elemental creatures), and thus being at odds with the Human Realm, of which Omikami and its coral vassals are a part.
All experimental logs are closed. No experiment conducted here resulted in the death of any Dragonheirs — they all lived to see the end of their days. Praise be to Watatsumi Omikami, gracious and beneficent.
Vol. 5[]
 A puzzle book for children of ages nine to twelve. As a book from a transitory period, it uses Narukami-style names with Byakuyakoku subscripts.
—In the Light, Beneath the Shadow—
Question 1: What walks on four feet in the early morning, two feet during the day, and three feet at night?
Answer: A vishap who transforms into a person to attend a ball, then breaks one of its legs and eventually ends up walking with a cane.
Sages like this answer the most, and it is the children get it right almost exclusively. For adults, it always smells like a horrible conspiracy when a vishap turns into a human. According to a prophecy of old, the Dragon of Water, the ancient lord of vishaps, will definitely descend in the form of a human. However, for children, the answer to the question indicates the possibility of mutual understanding.
But it is not a good idea to make vishaps sound adorable. Though such jokes defang the fear, they also lower the guard of the children.
(Dragonheirs of the Depths have evolved to wield the power of other elements and have hence lost their purity. As such, the Dragon of Water will no longer be born from among their ranks.)
Question 2: With only one mouth, this being sometimes has four feet, sometimes, two feet, and sometimes, three feet. Though unable to morph into other things, it is able to walk on the earth, swim in the water, and fly in the sky. The more feet it walks on, the feebler it grows. What is this being?
Answer: A human.
Humans crawl on hands and feet as babies, walk on two legs as adults, and use a cane as elders. The answer is undoubtedly "a human."
Question 3: What talks with only one mouth but walks on four and two feet?
Answer: Someone raising livestock.
This riddle is a very ancient one. In the past, we could only understand the meaning of livestock from reading texts. "Four legs" refers to four-legged animals like the Aux, Hors, and Foreste Bore. After Byakuyakoku fell into the ocean depths, these animals died out within two generations due to a lack of habitable land and food.
Since the arrival of Watatsumi Omikami, some of us have returned to the sea's surface to build a home and interact with the people there. Therefore, we have been able to review the names of these animals. According to the Vassal and the Omikami's prophecy, we shall all move back to the sea's surface someday, so it is important to get these names right. Aux means cattle, Hors means horse, and Foreste Bore means forest boar.
Question 4: Who are the two sisters who give birth to each other every day?
Answer: Day and night, or Whitenight and Evernight.
This riddle is easy to understand. It alludes to the succession of day and night, which in Byakuyakoku means the cyclical Whitenight and Evernight under the control of the Dainichi Mikoshi. Though the land was in everlasting night before the Dainichi Mikoshi was built, the light of day that people had seen has remained unchanged.
By the way, the two special astronomical phenomena of Byakuyakoku — the mirages and the Sinshades — were at first indiscriminately referred to as Eidolons and seen as the two sides of the same coin. It was not until the arrival of Watatsumi Omikami that the people of Byakuyakoku were able to understand the two phenomena and name them differently. Though the sun did not shine upon Byakuyakoku, the mirages that appeared in Whitenights were named Sunfire Phantasms and those of Evernight, Ghostfire Phantasms. As time went by, both of them came to be referred to as Sunfire Phantasms, for they are essentially the same thing.
Question 5: I am the Shadowborn of the Lord of Light. I am a wingless bird that rises from the earth to the sky. Those who shed tears in my presence feel no sorrow in their bosoms. Away with a gentle breeze I fade, and thus ends my fleeting life.
Answer: The answer is smoke. Birds are winged creatures, and it is normal that they are not seen in Enkanomiya.
Question 6: A father has twelve children, each then giving birth to sixty daughters of different appearances. Of them, thirty are pale and thirty are dark. The whole family, knowing not death, will only fade away. Who is the father?
Answer: The answer is the year. The people of Byakuyakoku may find the part about sixty pale or dark granddaughters a bit confusing. But everything will start to make sense once they crack Question 4.
There used to be a sequel to this riddle in ancient times. It roughly said that every granddaughter would give birth to twelve descendants, and each of them would then have sixty children. Every such child later would give birth to another sixty, who would go on to have children of their own. This would continue until at last, all the offspring would together give birth to the one and only primordial child — Tokoyo Ookami, the "mother" of fourteen billion years.
Watatsumi Omikami forbade people from spreading this riddle.
Appendix: Historical Figures, Their Traditional Names, and Narukami-Style Renderings
Kairos — Tokoyo Ookami
...Eris — Arisu[Note 2]
Abrax — Aberaku
Charon — Ka...
Spartacus — Supada
Emma — Ema
... - Koi
Antigone, Antigonus — Antei
Erebos — Eboshi
Echion — Eki
Udaeus — Uda
Asclepius — Surepio
Trivia[]
In Before Sun and Moon (Vol. 2), the story of "When the Dove Held Branches" and "Forty Years After the Held Branches" is a reference to the Abrahamic Genesis flood narrative and Genesis creation narrative.
In the Genesis flood narrative, God grew angry upon seeing how the earth had become corrupt and violent and decided to flood the world, destroying all that had been created and returning it to watery chaos. God flooded the world for forty days and forty nights, drowning all living beings; only Noah, His followers, and pairs of every animal were spared by boarding Noah's Ark. A dove carrying an olive branch was God's sign to Noah that the flood was over and it was safe to return.
In Before Sun and Moon, the Primordial One is analogous to God. However, "When the Dove Held Branches" does not mark the end of the old world's destruction, but rather the start of it. The Primordial One's creation of land, animals, and finally humans in "Four Hundred Years After the Held Branches" is a parallel to the Genesis creation narrative, although in Abrahamic religions, the creation narrative occurs before the flood narrative.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Byakuyakoku Collection—Chinese(Simplified)白夜国馆藏Báiyè-guó GuǎncángMuseum Collection of ByakuyakokuChinese(Traditional)白夜國館藏Báiyè-guó GuǎncángJapanese白夜国館蔵Byakuya-koku Kanzou‍[!][!]Assumed readingMuseum Collection of ByakuyakokuKorean백야국 장서Baekyaguk JangseoBooks of ByakuyakokuSpanishColección del reino de ByakuyaCollection of the Byakuya RealmFrenchCollection de ByakuyakokuCollection of ByakuyakokuRussianКоллекция БякуякокуKollektsiya ByakuyakokuThe Byakuyakoku CollectionThaiคอลเลคชั่น ByakuyakokuKhonlekchan ByakuyakokuByakuyakoku CollectionVietnameseKho Tàng Vương Quốc Đêm TrắngTreasure of the White Night KingdomGermanDie Byakuyakoku-SammlungThe Byakuyakoku CollectionIndonesianKoleksi ByakuyakokuByakuyakoku CollectionPortugueseColeção do Reino de ByakuyaCollection of the Byakuya RealmTurkishByakuyakoku KoleksiyonuByakuyakoku CollectionItalianLa raccolta di Byakuyakoku
Notes[]
↑ Earth (Chinese: 地) is different from Geo (Chinese: 岩 "Rock") and is accurately translated here, as is Ether (Chinese: 以太). 虚空 is correctly translated as "Void," however, this "Void" is different from the Void Realm (Chinese: 虚无界 "Nothingness Realm.")
↑ The Chinese and Japanese localizations render the name as 有栖 Arisu, which is commonly used as a kanji transcription of the English name Alice in the Japanese popular culture. However, it is not clear whether the person is related to the adventurer Alice.
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.4[Edit History]Version 2.5
In the second volume, "Before Sun and Moon," the last paragraph of "First Year of Darkness" was modified.
Old: "The Primordial One and its three other shades did not hear"
New: "The Primordial One and its three other shades could not hear."
Version 2.4
The Byakuyakoku Collection was released.
The Fall of the Faded Castle
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
"The Rusty Rudder"
Vol. 2
Sold by Hubel
Vol. 3
Sold by Hubel
The Fall of the Faded Castle is a Book Collection found in Fontaine.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Trivia
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A poem penned by an author unknown. The writing style seems to give off a strange and ominous aura.
Once, in a dream, I saw a black ship.
It sailed through dark night and bleak fog.
The hull was rotten, the mast shattered,
Yet in some perverse jest at human rationality,
Each broken piece had been placed in some twisted way,
Entwined together by the algae and seaweed that enveloped the vessel,
Forming a dreadful dark shadow that shambled through the moonlight,
That none could glimpse and not panic.
Shift your gaze just a little, and in an instant,
It shall appear again just before you.
A tall and slim figure standing upon the deck,
Wrapped in dark robes, its face barely seen.
Only its eyes, those two cold eyes,
Which can pierce your soul with a glance.
Was that a monster that arose from the depths of the sea?
A lord returned from some ancient world?
Or perhaps the nightmare itself?
Vol. 2[]
A poem penned by an author unknown. The writing style seems to give off a strange and ominous aura.
By the banks of the world's purest lake,
There once stood a glistening castle.
Gold leaf and gems decorated its walls,
And it shone blinding in the post-noon sun.
Pretty banners and flags flew from the roof,
While majestic towers soared alongside.
Guests from afar peered through colorful windows,
And marveled at the wonders every step revealed.
Yet none was more marvelous than the many statues,
Odd in form but as real as life.
In the center of the hall sat a golden stage,
Where musicians played day and night for the castle's master.
As the music sounded, listeners flocked like swarming bees,
To dance in time with the beat that seemed to captivate the entire world.
The wine flowed never-ending to sate the thirst for revelry.
All could partake, no matter their class or their homeland,
But none of this could ease the master's fears,
Or bring his troubled soul a moment of peace.
And each time the tower's clock struck its deep midnight chime,
He would be possessed by an uncontrollable panic,
Trapped by his fears and his gloom.
The dark-robed figure would surely collect on debts owed,
And all before his eyes would be turned into dust,
The souls of his guests, and his own, included,
As tribute to that dark, ancient world.
Vol. 3[]
A poem penned by an author unknown. The writing style seems to give off a strange and ominous aura.
At first, all was still, apart from the curtains in the breeze,
And the faint sounds of animals chewing, echoing through the walls of some unknown place.
Then, an odd rasping laugh erupted from an empty room,
A nameless horror spreading in the dark.
Then, with terrible thunder and storm,
A glowing red fog-cloud,
Embraced the castle just like a shroud.
On the castle's great central stage, a tall thin figure did appear,
A dark spirit in black robes, arriving at last.
The guests, a moment ago enjoying their revels,
Fell to the floor one by one,
Bereft of time even to scream.
The master sat shivering and still on his throne,
His soul also snatched by the dark.
Amid the roar of brick and tile hitting the ground,
The castle's glory faded into the past,
Swallowed by glimmering waves.
The blood moon the towers once blocked reappeared in the sky,
Its baleful glow sweeping the land.
And today, by the banks of the world's purest lake,
The water reflects the long-fallen, faded castle.
The joy and brilliance that once lit its halls,
Consigned to legends and dreams.
The ruins lie suffocated in the gloom.
Through shattered windows, statues appear as like to monsters,
Who with the discordant tune that played sank with the castle into the sea.
There is nothing there now, bar darkness, death, and loss.
Trivia[]
In the Research Notes of Master Ruggiero, Ruggiero suspected that the Faded Castle, which is related to Remus and the Remurian empire, might be found somewhere around the town of Petrichor. This book and Ruggiero's Research Notes were the only mentions of the Faded Castle before it was released as a subarea by the same name in Version 4.6.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Fall of the Faded Castle—Chinese(Simplified)褪色古堡的崩塌Tuìsè Gǔbǎo de BēngtāChinese(Traditional)褪色古堡的崩塌Tùnsè Gǔbǎo de BēngtāJapanese色褪せた古城の倒壊Iroaseta Kojou no ToukaiThe Collapse of the Faded CastleKorean빛바랜 고성의 붕괴Bitbaraen Goseong'ui BunggoeSpanishEl derrumbe del Castillo ApagadoThe Collapse of the Faded CastleFrenchL'effondrement du château fanéThe Collapse of the Faded CastleRussianРазрушение обветшалого замкаRazrusheniye obvetshalogo zamkaThaiการล่มสลายของปราสาทที่ซีดจางVietnameseSự Sụp Đổ Của Thành Cổ Phai NhạtGermanDer Zusammenbruch eines verblassenden alten SchlossesIndonesianRuntuhnya Kastil yang PudarThe Fall of the Faded CastlePortugueseO Colapso do Castelo AntigoTurkishSolgun Kale'nin DüşüşüItalianIl crollo del Castello Sbiadito
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.2[Create New History]
Time Trekker
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Sold by Hubel
Vol. 2
Sold by Hubel
Vol. 3
Sold by Hubel
Time Trekker is a Book Collection found in Fontaine.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Trivia
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A Fontainian science fiction novel published by The Steambird. It tells the story of an engineer's travels using a time machine.
This is a story from many years ago. After the evening banquet, Ms. Aviva (who today would be Lady Nenonen) was, as always, theatrically grousing to us about the all-too-swift march of science. Though her grasp on engineering is even less firm than her knowledge of Watatsumi Island's soil quality (and of course, she knows nothing about the latter either), but self-proclaimed interest in engineering was in vogue amongst some ladies and gentlemen at the time.
"Our ancestors had already conquered this land thousands of years ago," she said as she cleared her throat, twirling her jade-plumed and blue-gem-encrusted folding fan while endeavoring in vain to wear a visage of despondency. "And a few hundred years ago, they conquered the oceans with ease using new diving equipment. Today, some noble young folk have suddenly got it in their heads to use a so-termed gravimeter to break free from the earth's shackles and conquer the skies — and surely, I fear, their dream may yet become reality in the near future."
"Indeed, it is just as you say. Humans — ah, what a mighty and energetic species, with such great wisdom! No matter the circumstances, humans ever seek to change their living conditions with unimaginable passion," The Steambird editor immediately opined. "In truth, when it comes to mechanical engineering and theory, humanity is already on par with the creator. They have conquered most of the natural world, and by their will, they can shape this world anew."
"Ah, that's... not what I meant to say," Ms. Aviva said with an affected sigh. "Those distant and dark unknown continents, those ruins hidden deep beneath the seas, all that romantic exploration and trailblazing — such great achievements, that which has put the glorious achievements of our sciences and reasoning on full display — have all but become lost to our civilization. Our forebears reached too high and achieved too much, leaving too little for us to explore or conquer. Could there be a sadder fate to befall those ladies and gentlemen amongst us who were born to crave the exploration of the unknown?"
Here, her pretentious invocation of the legendary King Argeadai's words seemed an attempt to prove how truly this state of affairs hurt her. However, everyone simply sat around lazily, at most giving polite nods. Lady Elle lightly yawned.
Seeing how no one answered, Ms. Aviva's enthusiasm faded and she proceeded to switch the topic to next week's ball. This was, evidently, a more popular topic, and the stiff atmosphere once again grew lively. Monsieur Ratar was just about to regale us with a tale he had heard in Sumeru regarding a tower, a mage, and a glass ball, but before he could begin, Mr. Ciric, who had remained silent till now, interrupted.
"Good Ms. Aviva, the things you said certainly left an impression on me." He lit a cigarette. "However, you need not worry. There is still one space that has yet to be subdued by humanity — indeed, if the required techniques do not emerge, I fear it will never be."
"Where's that?" Ratar asked, a sullen look on his face. He had been so very confident about his monkey story, after all.
"Time."
The room fell silent momentarily before all present broke out into laughter.
"What preposterous talk!" Dr. Reinier declared, trying not to laugh. "Firstly, how can time be considered a part of space?"
"Can you separate yourself from time and exist independently in space alone?"
"What do you mean?"
"I mean to, at this moment, still be speaking to me, and in the next disappear without a trace. Is this possible?" He waited for a moment, as if waiting for the others to think. "Obviously, anyone with the capacity for rigorous thought would know for certain that much like length, width, and height, time is also a dimension of space. As such, it is a part of nature, and can thus be conquered."
"Utterly preposterous..." The doctor muttered, but did not refute the statement.
"I have been involved in research of this sort for some time," he continued, "and I have come up with a machine that can allow people to travel through time as they please. This machine will be ready in two months. At that time, Ms. Aviva, I invite you and all the ladies and gentlemen present here to my workshop, to bear witness to humanity's next great achievement: the conquest of time."
Ms. Aviva did not speak. In fact, from her expression, our noble friend did not understand Mr. Ciric's words at all.
Vol. 2[]
A Fontainian science fiction novel published by The Steambird. It tells the story of an engineer's travels using a time machine.
Two months later, we — The Steambird editor, the doctor, Mr. Revilo Oliver, and others who had attended that evening banquet — came to Ciric's workshop as agreed. Ms. Aviva was not there, for she never had much interest in such things, but instead found more meaning in attending a social ball at Salon Caritat.
Surprisingly, Ciric had grown older and more frail in just two months. In the dim light of the lamp, his once enthusiastic, arrogant expression had hardened into something indifferent and solemn, almost like the emaciated ascetics of Sumeru.
He welcomed us to take our seats, speaking in a calm tone.
"Well then, how is your plan to conquer time progressing?" The Steambird editor asked directly. "Where is the time machine you spoke of?"
Ciric did not reply. Instead, he pointed to the desk next to him. Our gazes followed, and in the middle of that table was a gold-plated whale-shaped model airship about the size of a small clock. Even a non-professional eye could readily discern that the model was of exquisite craftsmanship. Beneath its clear crystal shell, an indistinguishable and formless color flowed ever so slowly, glowing faintly in the lampshade's shadow.
"So," the doctor said, "it took you two months to make this little toy that would amaze even Lepaute's artisans?"
"It certainly looks like nothing special," Ciric said, an inscrutable emotion shining in his eyes that could almost be called pity, "But this is simply a projection the object has left in this moment, just as one can only see a thin line when viewing paper from the side."
"Blithering nonsense."
For some reason, Ciric did not refute that statement, merely asking us in a calm tone to hear him out concerning his time travel experiences. We agreed, and so he began to tell the story I shall now relate below, without interruption from beginning to end.
For all of you, it was two months ago when I first told you of the idea of a time machine. Similarly, it must have been a week ago when I finished constructing said device and stepped into it, initiating the very first instance of time travel in human history.
The strange sensations that came over me as I traveled through time are beyond words, just as there are no words with which one can impress the stars' brightness upon a blind person. About twenty minutes after this — though describing time travel by using subjective time is quite meaningless — the machine ceased operation. I looked about me then, and realized that I was in a Remurian imperial settlement. The grand temples and arenas carved of titanic stone would make the Opera Epiclese hang its head in shame, while the creations of Alain Guillotin would be little more than a child's wind-up toy before the towering Remurian golems. Just as I was beside myself in awe, a few patrolling troops discovered me. Seeing my strange style of dress, they took me to be a spy for the barbarian tribes. They seized me, naming me a lowly slave, a degenerate believer in a false god, and threatened to throw me into a deep cistern to feed the vipers.
Fortunately, the local Aedile — I later found out that her name was Aidia Anavana — realized that my identity was anything but ordinary, and had me sent before her. She endured my calamitous grammar and catastrophic accent (at that time, I could not even pronounce "Remuria," with it coming out something more akin to "Emuia") while asking me many questions, which I answered truthfully. Quickly, she accepted the fact that I was from the future and showed me a stone slate that the slaves had recently dug up.
Vol. 3[]
A Fontainian science fiction novel published by The Steambird. It tells the story of an engineer's travels using a time machine.
The slate was a perfect square, each line and column engraved with seven symmetrical sequences of symbols — these were not in Remurian script, but rather the characters we use today. Regardless of the manner in which the text was read, or the order, or direction, the information within the text did not change — it was an elaborate riddle involving dogs, pastures, cyan finches, the summer rains, the song of the roses, a Rishboland Tiger's stripes, and the ordered patterns of rocks. Despite my long-time love of wordplay games, this endless cycle of riddles made me terribly dizzy. For some reason, I knew that I must solve it, no matter the price. I spent half a year doing so alongside Aidia — and as it turned out, the key to deciphering it lay with the name of a slave now thirty years dead, while the answer was a date, set several hundred years after the empire's fall.
I bade Aidia farewell and stepped back upon the time machine, forwarding myself to that date in hopes of finding the secret behind that stone slate. There, I met several Marechaussee Hunters, and they showed me another stone slate, which again had 49 mirrored characters on it that formed another riddle. Again, the answer was a date, one set in a future still further off.
Following these stone slates' directions, I cris-crossed the fabric of past and future, shuttling back and forth 13 times. Each stone slate's riddle was trickier than the last. One of them could only be cracked using a bad romance novel that would only be published 300 years hence — the 5th word of the 37th page of that book would form a conjugate with the full name of the 375th Maison Gardiennage officer from 375 years ago. Another riddle's cipher was based on a white flower that will only bloom several millennia in the future — I know not its name, and its pistil structure is very strange indeed. It might be a mallow of some sort, but I cannot be sure. That flower is nourished by skylark calls, and so one of the clues to its cipher was the number of ribs on a skylark during Remurian times. I suppose that is, generally speaking, just how the riddles worked.
The final stone slate came from the underground storeroom of the Basil Elton Memorial Museum, and had naught but one number on it: "0."
I do not know what I was thinking at the moment. After all, setting my destination to "0" is an action utterly devoid of meaning. But I punched the number into my machine all the same and pulled the control lever. After who knows how long, the machine stopped. I sensed that I was floating atop a sea with no waves or tides, for even the wind did not exist at that moment. The sky that loomed overhead was not blue, but a dark red adorned with countless stars, pale and distant, like salt frost lining the shore.
I stared at this very first of oceans, transfixed, and several minutes passed before I realized that there was something shadowy hidden beneath the placid surface. It was the Palais Mermonia, which should not be there.
At that moment, I could hear someone call me by name — Neven Ciric, the voice called. I turned, and it was like looking into a mirror. A man, identical to myself, looking me dead in the eye, just as I did to him.
"Neven Ciric," he continued, "you wish to conquer time. No one can do that."
"It was you who left those riddles behind?"
"It was you who left those riddles behind." He repeated my question as if it was an answer. "Those riddles are part of time, and every matching symbol is time itself."
"So, the final answer to the riddle of time is zero."
"Zero is not an answer. Instead, it is another mystery, for the answer cannot be found in the riddle," he said. "The answer to time's riddle is a mirror — or perhaps I should say that this is the answer that is simplest to comprehend. When two mirrors face each other, time is the infinite reflection of light therein. Countless diverging, converging, and parallel lights form the illusion we call time. There is no past or future, for the past is the future. As you stand here at Moment Zero and look forward along the gap between the two mirrors, all beams of light fall along the same plane, and not one may escape. The Palais Mermonia had already sunk long before it was ever built, and the sunken Palais will be raised anew. Joy, sorrow, tears, and death must infinitely recur, for this is the nature of a mirror. Similarly, you can never conquer time, just as you can never grasp your shadow in your hand."
Perhaps it was horror or momentary frenzy, but when he finished, I whipped out the firearm I kept for self-defense, leveled it at his head, and pulled the trigger.
The room was silent.
"I do not expect you to believe me," Ciric said as he stood up, his eyes sweeping the room. "Just take it as a bunch of bunk that I made up to cover up for my inability to make a time machine. Make of it some lame tale, a dream born purely of delusion. In any case, ladies and gentlemen, I shall take my leave of you — my future self awaits a riddle that I must set him."
I never saw Ciric Neven again.
Trivia[]
The story's premise of dinner party guests being regaled by the inventor of time travel with their experiences may be inspired by the novella The Time Machine written by H. G. Wells.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishTime Trekker—Chinese(Simplified)旅时者Chinese(Traditional)旅時者Japanese時の旅人Toki no TabibitoTime TravelerKorean시간 여행자Sigan YeohaengjaSpanishEl viajero del tiempoThe Time TravelerFrenchTemponauteTime TravelerRussianПутешественник во времениPuteshestvennik vo vremeniTime TravelerThaiนักท่องเวลาVietnameseNhà Du Hành Thời GianGermanZeitreisenderIndonesianPenjelajah WaktuTime TravelerPortugueseViajante do TempoTurkishZaman YolcusuItalianIl Crononauta
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.4[Create New History]
Perinheri
Type
2 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Purchased from Hubel, Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais
Vol. 2
Purchased from Hubel, Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais
Perinheri is a Book Collection found in Fontaine.
Contents
1 Locations
2 Vol. 1
3 Vol. 2
4 Trivia
4.1 Cultural Inspirations
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
7 References
Locations[]
Hubel's location (Vol. 1 & 2)Additional context
Vol. 1[]
This text is also known as "Hleobranto Innamorato." The author of the first edition claims to have based this tale on a legendary story known throughout Khaenri'ah, but there are none left who can verify this. It is an anthological work produced over several generations at this point.
This is a story from very ancient times indeed. It is said that in those days, birds had not yet split into domestic and wild kindreds. In those days, a crimson moon shone down upon the subterranean realm, and not the dark sun of latter days.
Due to the Kingdom's unique position, things from outside this world were always leaking into it. The Kingdom's weapons would wipe out the calamities slipping in, but what of all the other objects? Such as, say, a child who may have come from some destroyed world?
One of the sages spoke thusly to the great ruler: "Oh high lord of the nobles, a child once told me a tale of another world: Once upon a time, there were sea people who believed that the gods came from the sea. Each time they discovered a shipwrecked person, they would treat them with the utmost honor, for they believed that the gods would take the form of the shipwrecked to investigate the mortal realm."
The ruler replied, "I do not perceive your meaning, so do as you please."
(Naturally, no oceans in the traditional sense lay within the Kingdom's borders. The earliest founders of the Kingdom had once seen the majestic silhouettes of the mountains blur under the sun's searing glare, and the rippling reflections of the moonlight falling upon the sea's surface like a scattering of pearls. But at the time the story took place, only outsiders and those few who had left the Kingdom on official duties and returned could describe such sights to the ruler. The ocean and the sea were often used as a metaphor for the space projected by the stars.)
In anticipation of the arrival at their Kingdom of gods from beyond the so-called ocean — or rather, the arrival of beings who could transcend the gods — they founded an organization, an orphanage to take care of such children. In latter days, the orphans of the Kingdom and those who wandered in from outside were accepted as well.
The young Perinheri's first memory was that of being asked by the grown-ups to crawl through a dark corridor. This passage might have been a chimney for winter fires, for it was filled with coal ash, and there was not a single crack in it through which smoke or light could pass through. As he crawled, he would sometimes stumble in the pitch-black darkness. Fortunately, the corridor appeared designed for the passage of children in the first place, so the falls were not very painful. It also lacked any annoying cobwebs.
When Perinheri reached the end at last, the exit had not opened yet. He knocked, only for the grown-ups to coldly ask: "Are you dead?"
Well, how was he to reply if he was dead? But the grown-ups did not like this response. They kept asking the same question, until he at least shouted, "Yes, I'm dead!"
The adults then asked, "Did you see it, then?"
Perhaps it was the fear brought on by the darkness combined with hunger and exhaustion, but Perinheri did indeed see an illusion. The crimson moon, hanging high in the pitch-dark night sky, suddenly turned around, revealing itself to be a titanic, horrified eye.
The adults opened the door and embraced the soot-covered Perinheri: "You have traversed the fire of two worlds within the hearth, and here you are reborn."
Though the crimson moon set, and the dark sun descended into a yet darker dusk, that transcendental person from beyond who the Kingdom orphanage was awaiting never arrived. But unusual individuals they had aplenty, and many of those who strode forth from the gates of that orphanage became great knights of the Kingdom. Perinheri was, in his time, the leading figure amongst their ranks — that is, unless, he were forced to compete with his best friend, Hleobrant.
They should have competed for glory, and decided who was superior through the amount of honors they crowned themselves in — and in the number of goblets of fine wine downed during the festivities afterward. But for some reason, their rivalry would take a mortal turn.
Vol. 2[]
This text is also known as "Hleobranto Innamorato." The author of the first edition claims to have based this tale on a legendary story known throughout Khaenri'ah, but there are none left who can verify this. It is an anthological work produced over several generations at this point.
That day, the orphanage welcomed a new member. She was a beautiful young lady from a foreign land who claimed to be a noble princess. Her nation had been defeated by Deus Auri, and yet the daughter of a priestly line she remained, and would not submit to the new god, and so she had drifted, wandering through the gates of their Kingdom. She called herself Angelica (Note 1), meaning "one who is as a divine emissary."
Fair Angelica declared that she would only marry the mightiest knight in all the Kingdom. Perinheri cared not a whit, but Hleobrant was smitten with her. Angelica would often take walks near the Sea of Wells, and there she spoke much of the outside world to Hleobrant. Perinheri would come along out of concern for his friend, and because suspicion was born in him sooner than curiosity, he would doubt her every word, yet wished that he might see these things one day.
Angelica's arrival changed Hleobrant altogether. He would cause trouble, looking for any provocation upon which to stake a duel against other knights. He would win all these bouts, and turn to Angelica to show off his prowess. Yet all she ever gave him was a cool smile, for what great feat was it for a great runner if they raced a tortoise and triumphed?
"Njord, who walks with the Darksprites (Note 2), Alf, the greatest warrior in the Universitas Magistrorum, Alberich, commander of half the knights, and Perinheri the undefeated." Angelica spoke thus of the mightiest figures in the Kingdom as she saw them.
Having fallen head over heels into the throes of love, Hleobrant came to what was an all-too-reasonable conclusion for himself. People might call him a traitor, or believe him mad. But even so, he had no wish to hurt Perinheri.
As for Perinheri, he believed that his best friend's madness would be cured, if only he could kill Angelica.
In the midst of that most merciless of pursuits, the three left the Kingdom's borders. At that very moment, Hleobrant clutched his face, and the words escaping his mouth gradually grew more like the howling of a wild beast.
The witch, Angelica, explained thus: "Hleobrant is the descendant of those who forsook their god and came to the Kingdom. This is why the Kingdom's obstinately pure-blooded aristocracy persists. This is the price of betraying your own god."
"As for you, Perinheri, you are one who drifted there. Thus, you bear no such curse. You may not have the nobility to shoulder a world, but you too have your own destiny."
"And as for me? I betrayed no one, not for a moment, until my god died, so I too bear this curse not. But you now see who I truly am, yes?"
The sun rose over the horizon at that moment, and Perinheri's blade slipped from his fingers, exhausted from the night-long battle. Covering his forehead with the back of his hand, he looked upon the sun for the first time. And when he glanced back at Angelica, he saw that she was neither a beautiful woman from Liyue nor a wicked witch.
"I am freedom, that which has broken free of fate. This is what Hleobrant sought in agony, but that which is now yours for the taking."
There was nothing before Perinheri, only vast, empty land.
Note 1: Note that the ancient people of Liyue did not use such names. Now that I consider it, her name may have been "Lady Miaoyin" (Lady of Wondrous Sound) or "Tianwang Nu" (Servant of Tianwang).
Note 2: The black wolves of the first edition. Archaeological work on Khaenri'ah indicates that this must have been a type of warbeast created using alchemy. Alchemy and the Beastmaster Knights were a mainstay during the Crimson Moon Dynasty, but interest in mechanical engineering during the Eclipse Dynasty would cause it to fall behind.
Special thanks goes to:
Mr. Denon's archaeological studies into Khaenri'ah, which inspired this work (1st edition)
Mr. Jean Figeac's continued writings and refinements, which have given this story its ending (2nd edition)
Mrs. Jean Figeac and Mr. Jean Figeac fils, for their corrections of misc. typos (3rd edition)
A compilation of Karl Ingold's records from "Investigations into an Abandoned City" (13th edition)
Mr. Karasawa's assistance in natural history and miscellaneous studies (14th edition)
Mr. Yun's notes on Liyue Culture (15th edition)
Trivia[]
The references to "crimson moon" and "dark sun" in Vol. I may refer to the two known Khaenri'ahn dynasties, the Crimson Moon Dynasty and the Eclipse Dynasty (in the original Chinese, "Eclipse" is 黑日 lit. "Black Sun"). Under this interpretation, the volume's final section suggests that the change in dynasties occurred by the time Perinheri became one of the best knights in the kingdom.
The story about the orphanage may be related to the House of the Hearth's origins. While the present-day House of the Hearth is run by the Fatui, the Fatui's co-founder is Pierro, a former Khaenri'ahn royal mage.
Khaenri'ah's anticipated arrival of "beings who could transcend the gods" ties into the revelations from Archon Quest A Toast to Victory in Chapter III: Act V - Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises that the Traveler is a Descender while their sibling is not. When the sibling appeared in Khaenri'ah 500 years ago, they were believed to be a Descender,[1] only for disaster to befall the nation as the cataclysm caused Khaenri'ah's destruction, first at the hands of monsters and later, at the hands of the gods.
The Mr. Karasawa mentioned in Vol. II's special thanks may have been Eichi Karasawa, a member of the Narzissenkreuz Ordo mentioned in a Tower of Ipsissimus: Middle interactable, which describes him as an Inazuman scholar who became a rather successful romance novelist.
Mr. Yun may have been a member of the Yun Family.
Cultural Inspirations[]
This story was likely inspired by Orlando Innamorato and Orlando Furioso:
According to book's description, its alternative title is Hleobranto Innamorato.
Both Orlando and Hleobrant go mad trying to prove their love to a character named Angelica, who hails from a land referring to or based on China (Cathay and Liyue), while another knight (Rinaldo and Perinheri) tries to find a cure for their madness.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameEnglishPerinheriChinese(Simplified)裴伦埃里Péilún'āilǐChinese(Traditional)裴倫埃里Péilún'āilǐJapaneseペリンヘリPerinheriKorean페룬에리PeruneriSpanishPerinheriFrenchPerinheriRussianПереньериPeren'yeriThaiPerinheriVietnamesePerinheriGermanPerinheriIndonesianPerinheriPortuguesePerinheriTurkishPerinheriItalianPerinheri
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.5[Create New History]
References[]
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter III, Act VI - Caribert, Part 4: Portended Fate
This page is in need of information.Can you help out? Click here to add more.Locations
Anecdota Septentrionalis
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Faded Castle, Nostoi Region, Fontaine
Vol. 2
Faded Castle, Nostoi Region, Fontaine
Vol. 3
Faded Castle, Nostoi Region, Fontaine
Anecdota Septentrionalis is a Book Collection that can be found in Fontaine. 
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Other Languages
5 Change History
Vol. 1[]
An ancient Remurian scroll you accidentally discovered in the ruins. There is no way to verify the truth of the words within.
From time immemorial, those respected poets, playwrights, and historians have loved to write that which is utterly absurd and have the temerity to call it their real experiences. Anyone who cares to look can tell it's a pack of lies, and still, they insist on extravagantly embellishing everything while bending over backward to maintain a facade of sincerity, swearing that "I saw it all with my own eyes! Not a word of it is false!" as though they cared not an iota how they would be ridiculed in the ages to come. For example, Xanthus Talassii filius wrote of his meetings with the barbarians in the north, speaking of how they used glass and platinum to build their prosperous polis amongst the mountains, calling their king a "knight." He even claimed that they have seventy-two legions, each comprised of 66,600 soldiers, all armed with weapons forged of the purest of sourcewater, brighter even than the crystals of Machimos. In reality, he has not in his life even set foot outside of Capitolium. Forget barbarians, he's probably never even seen barbecued eel! However, it must be said his stories are interesting at least. As such, to satiate my own vanity, I felt I too must write something for posterity. However, I have no experiences worth mentioning and am unlike those respectable folks who name the cock and bull stories they concoct "true accounts." So I will freely and honestly admit that everything I write is completely, utterly fabricated. After all, since I've admitted it up front like this, nobody can call me a fraud. Anyway, the events I shall now commit to paper have never been heard of before, nor experienced by anybody, and are nothing more than pure nonsense that I have fabricated with no basis in reality. It is not more truthful than tales of "Lochknights," so you need not believe any of it.Thus, we weighed anchor and set sail, traveling ever northward, passing through the territory of the barbarians, with a tailwind spurring us on. Our goal was simple: To see just what the edge of the ocean looks like. According to Quinctilius, the High Sea ends in impassable waterfalls in every direction, but this was, evidently, utterly wrong: after all, did not the respected Iuvenalis also write of the "faraway kingdom in the north"? Anyway, the farther north we went, the less land we saw. At first, there were still clusters of islands and archipelagos covering the sea's expanse, but later there were little more than tiny bare isles dotting the waves remaining. A few days of sailing later, even those islets vanished, leaving nothing but boundless blue. Fortunately, we had brought sufficient supplies of fresh water and food, and were in no danger of dying from thirst or starvation.We sailed for 79 days without sight of land. We were originally planning on turning back at that point, but to our surprise, on the 80th day, in the middle of the ocean, we were attacked. A group of bandits riding on the backs of giant birds blocked our path and asked us for potatoes. If you wish to know just how gargantuan those birds were, I can tell you that each of their feathers was as thick as the Ocean Pillars. With absolutely no hope of resisting, all we could do was fall to our knees and pray to Sebastos to deliver us, to let us live another day, and we swore to never again travel so recklessly, or write baffling believe-it-or-not travelogues. But in a flash, faster than words could describe, warriors riding Blubberbeasts surged up from beneath the sea's surface, each Blubberbeast larger than fifty Sumpter Beasts, their entire bodies draped in armor made of crystals, the scales of dragons, and cabbages, and they tore into the massive birds, biting them until they cried for their mommies and daddies, and soon they fled without a trace.It was only then that we noticed that the appearance of those knights was completely different from that of us humans. They were more like bipedal vishaps. With those eyes of his, glowing with their strange light, the leader of the knights spent some time sizing us up, before casually speaking with winged words: "Dear guests, are you merchants from Serenum?"We had not the slightest clue what kind of place "Serenum" was, so we told him the whole story, that we were seafarers from Remuria, and wanted to see what the end of the ocean looked like.
Vol. 2[]
An ancient Remurian scroll you accidentally discovered in the ruins. There is no way to verify the truth of the words within.
Hearing our words, he burst into laughter, and he laughed so hard that even the sailfin on his back shook. As he howled with laughter, he managed to say that there's no such place as "Remuria," merely a fake history invented by the southern barbarians who, not having their own civilization, created a fictional empire that simply didn't exist. We said that no, we were Remurians, and he guffawed even louder, and asked us to provide some kind of reliable historical data or archaeological evidence that could prove Remuria really exists. We simply could not produce the proofs, and he assured us that these sorts of strange fantasies were not illegal in their lands, and so long as we did not eat Sunsettias in public, we would still be honored guests in their Empire of Solaris. He went on, saying that based on our clothing, we probably weren't secret agents of the rebel army, but were likely traveling traders from Hyperborea. Their empire was currently in a state of civil war, and they hoped we could assist them in defeating said rebels.It turned out that the Solaris Empire has very advanced technology, and some decades ago, a philosopher named Lucilius invented a way for some people to obtain extraordinary abilities far exceeding those of ordinary mortals. But it came at a price. Their appearance would change to be unlike those of ordinary people. Some believed that this practice destroyed the purity of humanity, and those with special powers had but two options: to be slaves, or to be destroyed utterly. And so the two sides quickly came to blows, and it was a fight to the death, with oceans of blood being spilled.I comforted him on the spot, telling him that in my opinion, this type of thing has been happening since ancient times. I could think of at least twenty plays on the spot, each revolving around this exact theme — this too was a reflection of just how the arts in Remuria were flourishing. Pisculentum's Terentius at once praises humanity as being equal yet powerful creatures, while also describing how only a small number of people innately possess special powers, and has them go off and conquer and destroy all others, no? I recommended they just stop researching technology to alter humanity, and instead focus their efforts on technology to alter Blubberbeasts, as Blubberbeasts are far more likable than humans. He said he would consider my wise suggestion, but that the more pressing matter was exterminating the despicable traitors. So long as we were willing to lend a helping hand, he would give us the most powerful Imperial Blubberbeast mounts to ride, and we would lead thirteen of his legions, each with a million soldiers, for a total of 13 million soldiers, and outflank the enemy to their left. As he had saved us from a rebel attack, we assented to his request.Dear readers, everything I described above I saw with my own eyes! Not a word of it is false! As for the war that followed, it was even more unbelievable. I remember a blind slave who followed us singing thusly:"Sing, O musician, sing of the rage of the Blubberbeast which brought countless ills!"And just like that, the army of Blubberbeasts rolled forward, swallowing everything in its path like all-devouring flames, and the earth trembled and shook beneath their flippers. We arrayed our forces in formation upon the plains, and the leading officer prayed to their god before drawing taut a bowstring and loosing, sending a dog hurtling towards the rebel forces. The sound of the silver bow was unmanning to all who heard. But the rebels were not to be outdone, and they sent forth five million giants armed to the teeth. These giants were enormous, each dozens of times larger than the golems made by Sebastos's own hand, and they were said to be the reinforcements that the rebels had adjured forth from the seafloor. Though these giants each had but one eye — well, such things are quite normal, after all, the giants of which Pacuvius wrote are all like this — they had exceptional eyesight, and at the command of the rebel leader, they began to hurl Bulle Fruit at our troops with astonishing accuracy. These fruits would burst upon impact with the ground, spitting out masses of bubbles. Should you be touched by a bubble, you would float high up into the sky, until you flew straight into the sun. That is why the sun and Bulle Fruit have a similar color.As for the war's conclusion, respected playwrights throughout history virtually never write of such things — they wish to leave enough space for future stories. Out of respect for their traditions, therefore, I too shall go ahead and skip that part.
Vol. 3[]
An ancient Remurian scroll you accidentally discovered in the ruins. There is no way to verify the truth of the words within.
After those events, we continued sailing onward for another 300 days on a vast, featureless ocean. Finally, we arrived at a tall wall in the middle of the sea, stretching out of sight, high up into the sky. Countless densely packed human figures were suspended from the wall, and though they had neither bodies nor muscles, their forms could clearly be seen. All on this earth who speak lies, or pen falsehoods in their writings, will be hung from this wall to receive judgment after their death. As for who built this wall, or what lies beyond it, I do not know, for everything in this travelogue is completely true, and thus we had no way to get close to the wall. Hence, we promptly began rowing backward with all haste, doing our utmost to flee that place, and I hope to never again get anywhere close to it.That evening, we arrived in a stretch of calm seas, close to a rather small island. Our freshwater supplies were nearly exhausted, so we made landfall in the hopes of replenishing them. It was then that every member of our party smelled a strange yet rich fragrance, and even the finest perfumes of Capitolium paled in comparison. It turns out that the island was inhabited, and they had even built a prosperous polis — everything in the city was made of gold, and was surrounded by a series of twelve walls, each wall constructed of a different kind of precious gemstone: The first was made of amethyst, the second of purple agate, the third of jadeite, the fourth of rubellite, the fifth of jasper, the sixth of topaz, the seventh of ruby, the eighth of cornelian, the ninth of emerald, the tenth of chrysoprase, the eleventh of sapphire, and the twelfth of jade. A great moat surrounded the city walls, a few hundred meters wide, and the fluid flowing therein was not water, but fresh milk, and that which swam within were pickled fish, already fully cured, ready to eat upon capture.The residents of the island seemed to all be women, and each and every one was dressed elegantly, their faces comely and youthful. They approached us one after the other, taking the initiative and hugging us by way of welcome. The name of the island is Amoria, and they said it means "love." They eagerly invited us into their homes as guests, and said they'd give us countless treasures as gifts, enough for us to buy all of Machimos. I began to feel a faint sense of unease — for could people who fawn over strangers so exist outside of the books of Ennius? But my companions were all quite familiar with those classic tales, and so found nothing strange at all about this, and followed them back to their homes. I had no choice but to feign delight on one hand, while secretly bringing with me the war booty the Solarians had presented me with: a Bulle Fruit. I followed one of the women back to her home, and once inside, I looked around carefully, and just as I expected, there were human bones all around. I promptly fished out the Bulle Fruit and took aim at her, demanding she tell me just what was going on. But she only laughed uproariously, turning into a pool of water and disappearing in the blink of an eye.I immediately gathered all my companions, and we fled back to our ship before we had a chance to gather any fresh water. But as we stared, there was no island at all, only the vast ocean behind us.As for how the story will unfold, pay close attention, for all will be revealed in the next chapter...
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishAnecdota SeptentrionalisLatin: Northern AnecdotesChinese(Simplified)北境秘史Běijìng MìshǐHidden Stories of the Northern Land(s)Chinese(Traditional)北境秘史Běijìng MìshǐJapanese北方秘史Hoppou HishiNorthern Hidden StoriesKorean북방의 비사Bukbang'ui BisaSpanishAnecdota septentrionalis—FrenchAnecdota septentrionalis—RussianСеверные хроникиSevernyye khronikiNorthern ChroniclesThaiประวัติศาสตร์ลับตอนเหนือPrawattisart Lab Ton NueaNorthern Realm Hidden ChroniclesVietnameseBí Sử Phương BắcGermanAnecdota Septentrionalis—IndonesianSejarah Rahasia Alam UtaraHistory of the Northern Land's SecretsPortugueseCrônicas Secretas do Reino do NorteTurkishKuzey Diyarının HikayesiItalianAnecdota Septentrionalis—
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.6[Create New History]
The Feline Firm
Type
8 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Theater Lobby
Vol. 2
Theater Lobby
Vol. 3
Theater Lobby
Vol. 4
Theater Lobby
Vol. 5
Theater Lobby
Vol. 6
Theater Lobby
Vol. 7
Theater Lobby
Vol. 8
Theater Lobby
The Feline Firm is an 8 volume Book Collection.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Vol. 7
8 Vol. 8
9 Other Languages
10 Change History
Vol. 1[]
On an afternoon much like many others, Perroux let out an extended yawn and was rubbing his eyes when he suddenly caught sight of a golden invitation lying silently in the flowerbed.Sunlight illuminated the card's cover, and the words emblazoned upon it — "To Monsieur Perroux" — shone brighter than scattered Mora.His eyes widened.He was but the humblest of bellboys, greeting every visitor who came calling at the Master's door with a respectful "Monsieur" or "Madame." This was the first time anyone had ever addressed him so politely as "Monsieur Perroux"!Who left it here? And without him ever noticing, too!He blinked a few times, then blinked again, confirming over and over that it was not some iridescent trick of the light. Then, he opened the invitation..."We are deeply grateful for the deliciousness you provided for us. Please do us the homor of paging us a visit. —Yours, The Feline Firm"The crooked lettering seemed as though it had been written with the coarsest of quill pens, and was utterly unsuited to the golden cover of the card.Feline Firm? Was there really some kind of firm named "Feline"? It couldn't really be an agency started by cats, right?Perroux did often feed the stray cats on the street with leftovers.Just call out "Kitty kitty, kitty kitty," and the cats would come running right over. However, without any food on offer, the cats would be quite cautious, even around Perroux.With that in mind, Perroux flipped the invitation over to look at the back."Perhaps you are unfamiliar with our agency's location...At the twelfth turning of the north wind, follow the fish scales forward, and you will see a row of carriages.After the tenth chiming of the bells, there will be but one carriage left over. Jump into the shadows beneath it... We will be vaiting there..."Giving the time and location like that... Was this... some kind of nonsensical magic?Maybe someone was pranking him?Still, all the typos littered throughout the letter and the special attention to fish scales really did make it seem like a cat — That is, if cats could write and really had their own offices.North wind... fish scales... carriages... Oh, right! During the day, fishmongers set up their stalls twelve blocks south from where he was, and did the rubbish collection carriages not come every night at ten o'clock and stop there?They would take the massive heaps of trash generated in the city over the entire day outside, and then, at twelve, they'd come back, ""clickity-clack."Yes, this must be the language magic of cats! Only someone like Perroux who understood cats as well as he understood the city and understood the city as well as he understood its cats could decipher it.Perroux's heart began to pound, for this was a secret known only to him."When it's time to change shifts, better hurry! Me, I've got an appointment to keep with the cats."
Vol. 2[]
"You're here! Please, have a seat."The cats were quite happy."Yeah! It sure wasn't easy finding your offices."That night, Perroux had followed the directions given in the invitation, looking, searching.As it turned out, there was a single carriage among the trash carriages with a broken wheel that was always parked in place. Beneath it, he had found a dark hole that had merged with the shadows, with faint light and indistinct sounds coming from within, as well as a spiral staircase descending downward.And this was the well-hidden Feline Firm."This is the nature of strays, please try to understand."Golden eyes narrowed, the cat with stripes like those of a tiger seemed to speak humbly, yet its tail was arched most proudly.Perroux recognized it immediately. This fellow would often laze about upon the Master's windowsill, languidly swishing his tail. As for the others, Perroux was not quite so familiar.The tiger-striped tabby cat introduced each of them:The Boss Cat, none other than the tabby himself.The Enforcer, the cat to the left with a full-sleeve tattoo.The calico to the right was quite clever. The letter to Perroux had been written by a brush fashioned from hairs pulled from every cat, and written by this very calico."And then there's this firewood cat too. Bit ugly and mangy, missing some fur, but don't even think about underestimating her!"These were the very cats that comprised the Feline Firm, which solved the problems that perplexed the cats of the city."In that case, just what difficulties has the Feline Firm resolved?"Perroux asked curiously.The tabby's tail twitched to the left, and the cat with the full-sleeve came forward."I'm the muscle here, see? The full-sleeve they call me, yeah? Our Boss snorezilla over there, he gives me commissions, and I'm the one that what solves them, see?""That cat boss, he opened up a right big fancy hotel, yeah? Every bit as tip-top as what the humans got~ When it first opened, was tons of customers t'be had."The cats even had their own grand hotel! Perroux nearly reached for his notebook to write it all down.Even Perroux had only passed by the door, peering inside with envy. That feeling was like... picking up a candy wrapper as a child, and being unable to stop himself from licking it."But wouldn't-cha know, Boss's snoring was so roaring loud, the customers couldn't even catch a single wink! Business took a dive, see?""Then one day, a horde of rats showed up and started bitin' them customer's things and whatnot, yeah? Then Boss showed them what for, was the hero, eh?""After that, whenever customers heard his snores, theys would be at peace, and say 'good kitty, good kitty~'""But yous see, that hotel didn't have any rats in the first place, yeah? It was all me, catchin' 'em at night and bringing 'em back, then catchin' 'em again, you follow?"
Vol. 3[]
The full-sleeve cat finished its story, and the tabby's tail twitched to the right.The calico stepped forward elegantly, before delivering a graceful bow."As they say, even amongst felines, there are lazybones too, meow~"The lounging layabout outside the city gates sent us a commission for a one-and-done permanent mouse-catching method, meow~"In accordance with my instructions, our paws-on-pillow friend changed the sign above his abode from 'Cat's Cabin' to 'Mousy Rest Stop,' meow~"From then on, whenever rodents enter the city, mrow, they'll hear a gentle, friendly voice saying, 'Mice, rats, give your weary little paws a rest and apply some ointment, for your journey must have been tiring!' or 'Mice, rats, take those sharp little things off, and enjoy a good scrub down!' meow~"And just like that, the mice scrub themselves with salt, smear themselves with oil, and line up to enter the hot water labeled 'Warm Bath' meow~"And then, right into the mouth of our lazy friend, mrow!"With a "Pfft," Perroux failed to fully suppress his laugh. "Ah! What a clever calico!"The calico bowed gracefully once more, and returned to her place with the elegance of a noblewoman."I—It's time for this loyal servant to speak now, isn't it..." The firewood cat spoke flatteringly."The fur of your humble servant was burned away when I was seeking warmth in a pile of firewood..."It was really so strange. Your humble servant had just fallen asleep, and it was warm, so warm... one dreamt of being a kitten once more, and sleeping in mother's fur... As I slept, my fur caught fire..."Th—Thanks to the Boss's support, your humble servant often roams through the city sewers, delivering messages, passing info, running errands, that sort of thing, for I'm not afraid of getting dirty..."O—Other than that, I'm really isn't good for anything else..."The tabby cat cleared his throat, and the firewood cat flinched, smiling and quietly retreating."Very well. You should now be well aware of the work we regularly do here at the Feline Firm."We have invited you here because we've encountered an unsolvable problem, and would like to request your help, Monsieur Perroux!"
Vol. 4[]
"My help?" Perroux's eyes widened once more.The tabby solemnly nodded. "And it must be you, and none other."In the house of the master you serve, there is a long-haired cat, is there not?""Oh, that snow-white, noble-looking longhair!"It was well known to Perroux that the Master adored that cat, and it was as precious to him as life itself. Her sea-green eyes, like those of a princess of yore, were oft looking askance at people as she carefully groomed herself from whisker to tail with her peach-pink tongue, like a heron preening its feathers by the water.Whether taking his meals, his rest, or out on appointments, the Master always kept that cat by his side."As for me, I'm going to get married to the long-haired cat, it's already been settled!""Oh, married, that's... What? Ma—Ma—Married!?"In a whisker's twitch, Perroux became even more flustered than the firewood cat. "Th—Then how will you live together? Cats like her aren't the type to live like strays, you know!""You needn't worry about that. After we are wed, we shall move to a shrine in a faraway land. I have heard that it is a cat shrine, and the people there worship cats like gods, and thus we shall worry for neither food nor drink...""But th—th—that simply won't do! The Master will never let his longhair leave..." Perroux continued to stammer out his response."So, Monsieur Perroux, that is precisely why we need you."The tabby jumped onto the cabinet, his golden eyes fixed on Perroux."But I'm no respected gentleman, only a... lowly bellboy."Perroux kept waving his hands about together."If I were to steal his cat... If the Master knew, not only would I lose my job, I would certainly be taken to court...""No, no, you misunderstand, Monsieur Perroux!"The tabby showed a mysterious grin, the whiskers around its mouth trembling in the semblance of a smile."We were never even considering asking you to steal, good sir. Cats are magical creatures, and we... have other ways..."Having spoken, the tabby whistled.And the full-sleeve and calico cats pulled out a pair of boots and a mask respectively, as if by magic."These are magical cat boots and a mysterious cat mask."Come now! Try them on!"Perroux had no choice but to take the treasures.But wait, though the boots seemed small, the moment he pulled them on, they became comfortable and fit snugly.And as he walked, he felt so light, as if he were tip-toeing...Putting on the mask, he tried to open his mouth to speak, but now some long, difficult-to-distinguishable trills accompanied the sound, and it sounded nothing like his own voice."This is cat magic," the tabby cheerfully said, "As long as you wear these two items, none will recognize you."All you need do is go home as always, and have yourself a good night's sleep."After three days, bring the longhair cat and your Master both to the Feline Firm in accordance with our instructions! Remember, three days hence!"You mustn't forget!"
Vol. 5[]
A new invitation was sent, this one to the Master."Master Baron, long have we heard of your esteemed cat. I also have a valuable and exotic cat, and hope that we may bond over our mutually shared appreciation for the feline race. It would be my great honor if you would do me the pleasure of calling upon my home such that we might discuss such things in person."A carriage will take you and your cat there at the appointed time. — Lady von Frigga"Thanks to Perroux's guidance, the calico carefully corrected the typos.And then the cats got to work.Many cats who had once been recipients of the Firm's assistance came to help, bringing white satin, nearly-expired cans of snapper fish, wines... all to turn the agency into a wedding venue.Any passing by at night would be struck pale with fright to see so many stray cats passing by in the shadows of the city.The broken carriage was quietly repaired, and decorated like a gorgeous carriage straight out of a fairytale.With soft swan-feather pillows and the sort of wind chimes cats adore hanging from it ringing all the way, it arrived at the Master's stoop."Please, if you would, Sir."Perroux respectfully addressed his Master with bowed head, acting as "Lady von Frigga's coachman."Though he was wearing the mysterious cat mask, Perroux could not help but feel nervous, as though he'd done something wrong, as though he had done something to give the whole game away.Fortunately, the Master had a mind only for the luxurious carriage, even tipping the "coachman" a bag of Mora. "A small token, here!"All along the way, cats crossed before the coach."Step aside, make way!" whispered Perroux from beneath the mask, for he feared being late."Sorry, but we're in a hurry too, we have a wedding to attend!" replied the cats.When there were finally no more cats crossing, they had already arrived at the Feline Firm."Oh! Such rare and expensive silk... And the whole hall is covered in it..." gushed the Master, bursting with admiration."The Ham and Vegetable Bake... tastes quite good, the chef must be the real deal too...And so many cats! I'm astonished. Lady von Frigga is so considerate. The must truly dote on her own exotic cat, just like I love my longhair!"The Master could simply not stop effusing praise."Such a wonderful event, come, have a drink! And another!" The calico raised a cup of wine, urging the Master to drink more."Then I'll have another!"The Master was in a great mood, and tipsy enough that he forgot to ask himself "Can cats even speak?"
Vol. 6[]
The longhair cat entered, in step with the harp music."Oho, you little rascal, the moment we stepped off the carriage you upped and vanished! Turns out you were off tidying up!" The Master was glowing with pride even as he rebuked his cat.The white satin trailing from the longhair was overflowing with flowers, pure white Cecilias like snow falling on a spring day.*Clap, clap* — The cats began to applaud in unison."So beautiful..."Perroux put down his knife and fork without even realizing it.*Swoosh* *Woosh* The cats lifted the curtains.The tabby cat had put on a bowtie and top hat, and his whiskers and the fur upon his ears was neatly trimmed. He walked towards her with the solemn steps of a night, welcoming his bride.The full-sleeve cat behind him swiftly shook out the bag he had shouldered, and within were gifts for the cat couple.Colorful balls of thread, toy mice that squeaked when played with, and a finch-shaped balloon, as well as the long-prepared boat tickets to a cat shrine in a faraway nation..."WAIT!"A cold, harsh voice came from above, interrupting the cats' cheerful revelry.The Master had sobered up slightly, and stood up, swaying. He pointed his finger at the tabby."This lout... Isn't he the stray always lying about on my windowsill? I know you, always leering inside, and always up to no good..."Didn't the invitation mention a precious, exotic cat? And where's Lady von Frigga?"These cat toys... Hey, aren't these from my house? When did you lot steal them? And all this silk and wine... All stolen too, I presume?""Daddy, please, don't get angry..." The longhair cat quickly began to pout."yes, Daddy, I'll take good care of..." The tabby said dismissively.Hearing "Daddy" twice like that infuriated the Master."You shut your dirty mouth!"How could some random stray from Archon knows where with an impure bloodline possibly be worthy of marrying my longhair!"And you. You, the scoundrel calling himself the coachman of Lady von Frigga..."You're in cahoots with this gaggle of strays, helping them with their little scam, aren't you? Let me see just who's hiding under that mask..."The Master stalked towards Perroux, and was about to wrench the mask off his face.All the blood in Perroux's body seemed to drain, as though it had been siphoned by some powerful magnet."Run, run!" A host of voices echoed in his ear, and his heart beat like drum, yet his legs were stiff and wouldn't move even a single step."It's over, I'm done for!" Perroux covered his eyes in despair, but just as he did so he glimpsed something that seemed to be on his cheeks, something that seemed to be shaking, like trembling hairs.Ah! Snow-white whiskers had grown on his cheeks, but it was no old man's whiskers, but those of a cat.He twitched his ears, and found they were pointy and quick. He subconsciously arched his back, and let out a "Meeoow~"Just before he would have been caught by the Master, he agilely fled under the table.
Vol. 7[]
"Run, run."Perroux was like a gust of wind in a black cloak."Run, run."Following the spiral staircase upward, he ran towards the Feline Firm's exit.Just where did those magical cat boots go? Perroux knew not; all he did know was that he ran as swiftly as agilely as a cat, and he also saw the world from below like a cat.Where did the mysterious cat mask go? The answer gradually became clear to Perroux.The boots and mask had become a part of him, or rather, he had become a cat! As he had been wearing the coachman's white gloves, he was now a piebald cat!"Run, run..."Who was saying that?Perroux tilted his head, and the tabby with his bowtie and the longhair with white satin trailing her were beside him, running one behind the other."Run, run... Monsieur Perroux, please, drive us to the port on that carriage!"Behind them, cats were jumping up and down, tearing off the decorative ribbons. The wine and salad upon the banquet table had been knocked over, and the entire mess had stopped the Master in his tracks."My longhair, come back~"None heeded the Master's cries.With things being as they were, all he could do was take the tabby and the longhair to the port safely. Perroux simply couldn't deal with anything else, and besides, cats have small paws, so they can only handle one thing at a time.*Pitter-patter, plip plop* It began to rain outside, and lightning flashed.In the pitch-black night, there was but a brief moment of illumination before the rumble of thunder rolled in, and only that one small door was still open, without a single guard.They were probably hiding from the rain.Countless whirlpools swirled upon the surface of the lake upon which the ship was docked. If you didn't look too carefully, you might think it but a shadow of the bridge. But for Perroux, who now had the exceptional vision of a cat, it was immediately apparent.Holding the wedding gifts from the full-sleeve cat, the tabby grabbed the longhair and jumped from the carriage, swishing through the air and onto the boat in an instant."It is all thanks to you! Monsieur Perroux..." The tabby gave a rare show of respect, genuinely bowing."Now away, ere the Master catches up!"Go, go, go to that cat shrine.Go, go, live a life of joy.Moved by having accomplished something so great in secret, tears began to flow from Perroux's eyes.Though he still didn't know just how he was going to live as a cat.
Vol. 8[]
Awakened by the blinding sunlight, Perroux opened his eyes and subconsciously began to rub them...His hands and feet were back! They were no longer furry cat's paws.What happened last night? He tried his best to remember....The piebald Perroux had turned the carriage around, and come back with a clickety-clack.The clock then had not yet chimed twelve times.Before the other carriages had returned, he had leaped off like any other cat might, and gone back inside the house without anyone noticing...So now...? Blast! If the sun was that high in the sky, he should've started his shift already!He bounced up from the bed, and put his uniform back on, becoming the bellboy Perroux once more.Yet the great door to the Master's manse was shut tight, and the hanging sign read "No visitors.""The cat's gone, and the Master is so distraught he's taken ill and collapsed...""Such a beautiful cat! Even I liked it when I saw it. No wonder thieves set their sights on it.""Poor thing. Could anyone ever treat it as well as our Master?"So whispered the Master's servants in secret.Looks like the Master didn't need a bellboy on duty today! Perroux had gotten a rare day off, but he was still deeply worried.So where did he go? The Feline Firm.That night, and for many nights more, Perroux returned to where the trash-carting carriages stopped, and checked the shadows under every lamp, but never saw any dark entrance to a cellar.The boots and mask, too, were gone.It was just as though no magic had ever occurred and Perroux had never met any talking cats.Perhaps as the tabby cat boss had left, the Feline Firm had been made to disband...The illness plagued the Master for three months, until one summer morning, he suddenly recovered.The sound of the Master's humming emanated from his bedroom. It was a lively, happy song, the kind of song youths loved to sing when inviting a partner to dance."Perroux, come here." The Master waved to him.*Ba-bum. Ba-bum.* Perroux's heart began to pound nervously once more. It couldn't be that...?"This suit of mine is already quite worn. Dispose of it, and purchase a new one for me! As for the style... something fashionable will do." The Master spoke kindly."Oh..." Perroux relaxed, and walked out holding the old suit."Though, isn't the Master the really old-fashioned, conservative type?" Perroux and the other servants were all thinking the same thing.A piece of paper fell from the pocket of the suit.After the tabby had left, the other cats had written a letter to the Master, masquerading as the longhair writing to report she was safe and sound:"Daddy, I'm fine. I've attached some dried fish and mouse jerky, please enjoy.Also, the Lady von Frigga who proposed is a real person, and she has feelings for you, Daddy. You should find someone too."
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Feline Firm—Chinese(Simplified)猫咪事务所Chinese(Traditional)貓咪事務所Japaneseニャンコ事務所Nyanko JimushoThe Kitty OfficeKorean야옹이 사무소Yaong'i SamusoSpanishEl despacho de los gatosThe Cats' FirmFrenchLa firme félineThe Feline FirmRussianКошачья канцелярияKoshach'ya kantselyariyaThaiสำนักงานแมวเหมียวVietnameseVăn Phòng MèoGermanDas KätzchenbüroIndonesianKantor MeongMeow OfficePortugueseEscritório de GatosTurkishKedi OfisiItalianAgenzia Gactotum
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.7[Create New History]
Vera's Melancholy
Type
10 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Mondstadt LibraryFrom Tia at Wangshu Inn
Vol. 2
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 3
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 4
Northeastern side of Good Hunter, on the balcony
Vol. 5
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 6
Grand Master's Office in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters
Vol. 7
On a table behind Dawn Winery
Vol. 8
Inside Dawn Winery
Vol. 9
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 10
Grand Master's Office in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters
Vera's Melancholy is a Book Collection that can be found in various places throughout Mondstadt.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Vol. 7
8 Vol. 8
9 Vol. 9
10 Vol. 10
11 Trivia
12 Other Languages
13 Change History
Vol. 1[]
I don't think the world is monotonous. It's just that interesting things happen in far away galaxies.The great adventure of Vera, an ordinary girl always fascinated by distant lands, secretly begins.
—Endless Days in Infinite Worlds—
"There are times when I think to myself... There's nothing to do in this tiny village. What a dull place to live."
This wasn't the first time that Vera had complained about her hometown, the small country village of Delphi. Her frown eased slightly as she lay on the hillside near the village, eyes closed, feeling the breeze of the early summer.
"Then where in this world would you not consider dull?" Her buddy Sachi asked curiously.
Vera sat up and leaned forward.
"I believe on the other side of the Starry Sea is a planet inhabited by gods who can answer all prayers and wishes, and everyone bearing a wish is on a journey to get there. I believe, in our universe, there is a world currently in a war against doomsday, where the noble and elegant souls of fourteen Valkyries burn bright, if only for a brief but magnificent moment..."
"You've been reading too many of those weird fantasy novels."
"But... this village really IS dull. When was the last time anything fun happened here?"
"Funny you should say that, a new family did move into our village recently..."
"Novelty and fun aren't the same thing!"
Despite what she had said, Vera decided to pay a visit to the newcomers. Sachi, however, remembered his family's rules, and walked back home for dinner.
Vera gave the door to the newcomer's abode a gentle push. Much to her surprise, it wasn't locked.
"Anybody home?"
No sooner had the words left her mouth than the living room cupboard doors flew open and out jumped a black-haired boy wearing glasses. He was followed by a tentacled blue slime.
"Make way! Tal, why did you let a stranger in?"
The black-haired boy gently pushed Vera out of his way and picked up an axe by the door.
"You leave me with no choice. Since you have seen everything, there is only one thing for it..."
Thus began the biggest crisis of Vera's life.
Vol. 2[]
Everything's just boring. Everything, all the time. It's not depression. It's just reaching the age of 14.So begins Vera's adventure.
—My Backyard is Slightly Bigger than the Entire Universe—
"All I can do now is ask you to help me." The black-haired boy, who called himself Ike, handed Vera a kitchen knife.
He walked back to the cupboard and began slashing at the tentacles frantically.
"Come and help me close this door! If a tentacle starts attacking you, use this kitchen knife to defend yourself!" Ike's glasses were now covered in blue slime. "Hurry! We can't let this evil demon cross into Delphi."
Upon hearing his words, Vera helped Ike close the door. While they were pushing back the tentacles, Vera accidentally stabbed Ike twice in the back. Thankfully, Ike's healing spells were quite potent.
"I shall explain everything to you. I am in fact over a thousand years old, and this door is a gateway to anywhere in the universe. That tentacled monster is an old one from the Large Magellanic Cloud — I went there to get something." Ike was covered in slime from head to foot by this point. He wiped his glasses with Vera's dress as he spoke. "Erm... is there anything else that you'd like to know?"
"Who's Tal?" Vera didn't seem to mind.
"An evil spirit that resided in the man-devouring castle. It has served me as a butler since I subdued it. Strangely, it behaved quite friendly towards you."
Vera's parents always reminded her that people are destined to build families, and that it was futile to entertain dreams of anything beyond the homestead. Her buddy Sachi once told her that if a lively girl like her was to marry someone from a faraway land, the whole village would become unbearably lonely.
(The real reason Sachi said this was that he was something of a weakling, and was sure to be ferociously bullied if he ended up having to play with the boys.)
"The human spirit is still too immature. I need to guide you both through the wonders of your childhood." Ike extended his inviting arms to Vera. "You will sing every step of the way on your long journey to youth."
From the Orion Arm to the Eternal Jahanam, from the Torrents of Time to the depths of the Starry Sea...
"How far is 'beyond'? Any place in this universe is just as boring as my backyard," he said.
"The scale of everything beyond follows the heart," Ike replied. "Thus, my heart is slightly bigger than the entire universe."
Vol. 3[]
The Andromeda Empire stretches across half the galaxy group. Every planet within the Empire has its own demons and deities, dragons and monsters."I've come up with a story for every star from your home.""That's not possible. Looking from here, the Andromeda Galaxy is only one fifth the size of your moon."So continues Vera's adventure.
—The Man Who Stole the Lone Star—
"I am the second rightful heir to the Andromeda Empire, and I have more than two hundred titles to my name. You shall call me the Princess Andro-Basilisks." The charming girl then crossed her arms, savoring the moment of her entrance in her mind and giggling to herself in amusement.
Her sole reason for gracing Delphi with her presence was to marry Ike.
"If you, he who conquered a quarter of the universe, marry me, my safety shall be guaranteed after my elder sister takes the throne."
"If I may ask, how big is the Andromeda Empire?" Vera asked.
"I reckon there are more than nine thousand inhabitable planets."
——With so many stars in your possession, why come to steal my brilliance?
"So you aren't here to harm Vera?" Sachi cautiously asked Ike, who was carrying the scrolls and globes of other planets.
"Of course not. I think she would make a great assistant." After putting everything down he clapped his hands. "You like her?"
"Me? No, not at all, I don't like her at all!" Sachi looked away, worried that the old sage might discern his true feelings.
He reached for a box full of photo frames. He grabbed a few at random, each picture depicting a different beauty.
"Look at them... They all said that they gave me their one and only true love, but did they? In reality, I was just one of their many lovers."
Sachi did not know when or where he had heard the saying, but it blurted out from his mouth in his moment of annoyance:
"With so many stars in your possession, why come to steal my brilliance?"
Vol. 4[]
There is a saying that goes as follows: Not all that glitters is gold, sometimes it is the outpouring of a broken heart.Either way, the stars in the sky certainly aren't made of gold, and most people's hearts aren't made of glass.In any case — here is the next chapter of Vera's adventure!
—All that Glitters—
"The people in these photographs are all so pretty," Vera exclaimed as she picked up Ike's box of framed photos.
"Of course they are — otherwise, they wouldn't have had the chance to leave me with a photograph to remember them by."
Ike has no intention of evading. After all, he was a galactic sage who was over a thousand years old. So of course he knew that girls were easily hurt, and that they could become trouble very easily. Ike would thus never cheat a girl — take notes, boys.
"Having seen the starry host, I thus make star-shaped jewels to remember them by," he continued to explain. "But those stars that shine across the universe do not belong to anyone. So it is also impossible to steal them."
Vera did not understand. "What are you saying?"
"I'm saying this for the sake of a foolish fellow who isn't present right now. Pay it no mind, humans are just far too young."
"I will serve as a go-between between you and Ike." Sachi said to the Princess of the Andromeda Empire in a loud voice.
"Huh?"
"I love Vera, I don't—"
"Disgusting. Boring. Be silent, worm. You are an offense to my ears. I've already acknowledged Vera as my friend. I will not hand her over to a cowardly person like you..."
"Wh—What..."
Vol. 5[]
You can't have picnics on the sides of a galactic highway! Even the deities will be held fully responsible for road accidents that might occur! The doorway to a study in a simple village connects to anywhere in space and time!Having hide-and-seek across time... Vera's great adventure continues!
—Roadside Picnic—
When Ike was taking a nap, his servants waged a terrible war against each other.
The great wizard had subdued many gods and demons to serve under him. As the most formidable wizard of his day, Ike was in command of gods and demons more numerous than the entries in a dictionary. But who was the strongest of those under his rule? The gods and demons decided to find out for themselves through battle.
Unfortunately, they seemed to have erroneously regarded as their own three who were neither gods nor demons: the Princess, Sachi, and Vera.
Ike only slept for two hours, but in that time three stars had already been destroyed!
"Why should I protect you?" The Princess pulled her hand away, and the giant demon plummeted to the ground, its eyeballs gone.
The dominant race of the Andromeda Empire may look lovely and sweet, but on their palms grow two special mouths, which they use to devour the eyeballs of their lovers and those they vanquish.
"Are we no friends?" Vera wiped the blood off her face, and appeared to be hurt by the Princess' words.
"Yea - yes," The Princess blushed and looked away. "I already regard you as my only friend for what has happened. I was not referring to you, Vera."
"No!" Sachi yelled as the gnarly jaws of a dragon closed around him.
"Do you surrender to me now?" The giant dragon jeered. "Surrender and concede that you are worthless, lowly rats, and I shall let you live!"
"I surrender! I surrender! Let me go!" Sachi screamed.
"Why, a lizard of your despicable breed should know better than to utter such foolish words! Even the geckos in my palace could crush you." The Princess gave her wrists a twirl.
"No! This has nothing to do with me!" Sachi yelled as the dragon cast him into the sky.
And just like that, the battle between the dominant species of Andromeda and the ancient giant dragon was over.
The moral? You won't get hurt if you just surrender.
Sachi was knocked out of the contest and woke Ike up with the slap of a slipper. Vera also survived thanks to the protection of the Princess.
"Argh! You imbecile! The mere sight of you is revolting. Do not come near me! Don't talk to me, don't look at me, nor breathe the same air as me, you lowly scum!" The Princess could not have a lower opinion of Sachi.
Vol. 6[]
There was once a great scholar who wished to write a book about all the festive days of the empire.After looking into it more closely, he discovered that every single day had some sort of a festival associated with it... He persevered with this monumental writing task for six months before giving up on it.But don't worry — as far as this book is concerned, I am the author, and I won't let my readers down!
—For Every Season—
Though those things had indeed happened, they were occurrences on a galactic scale. Now, something more mundane was about to happen. The date of the town festival was drawing near.
"I suppose it's finally my turn to introduce you two to this small town, then?" Vera said as she served the Princess and Ike her very own braised dishes.
After all, those things they had encountered in their galactic escapades had to be explained by the Princess and Ike. If there was any knowledge Vera had to present to them, it was the knowledge of her hometown.
"...Afterward, the great king's first messenger, the brave knight Huffman strode west across two continents, crossing great oceans and rivers. As for the imperial sage, the witch from the east, she passed by her hometown on her road eastward, and then came by the land of the Nether. Thus, they finally met here."
"Huh, is that so. How interesting." Though she was trying hard not to let Vera notice that she did not in fact care for the story at all, the Princess' acting skills required some work.
"So that can only mean that this place is on the polar opposite side of this world from the great king's capital, right?" Ike said, commenting on a seemingly unimportant aspect of the tale.
"Ahahaha, that's true if you think about it." Vera rubbed the back of her head with a crooked smile.
"I've always said that I want to leave this place, but in the end, I discovered that this is the place I'm most familiar with." Having come to this realization on the eve of the town's anniversary, Vera began crying right in front of Sachi's eyes.
"You numbskull! You made Vera cry!" The Princess made her entry with a flying kick, sending Sachi hurtling away.
Vol. 7[]
In the star clusters at the outer reaches of the universe, habitable planets are few and far between. For this reason, the region is the playground of space captains and pirates alone.With this being the universe, though, there is no port and starboard in the traditional sense — out here, "starboard" means whichever side of your spacecraft is oriented towards the star you are using for navigation...Lose yourself, and especially you sense of direction, in this next chapter of Vera's starbound voyage!
—Galaxy Wars—
"Re-igniting a sun is not difficult, but I don't think the Andromeda Empire would like to see that happen," Ike said to the panicked Vera.
"Do you mean that the Princess has kidnapped Sachi?" Vera said with some shock in her voice after giving the matter some thought.
"How did you come to that conclusion? I'm saying that only the Andromeda Empire would be capable of kidnapping you and the Princess." Ike then turned to face the innumerable lives that dwelled within the galaxy.
He paused for a moment before declaring thus: "Inhabitants of the galaxy. Though I have come here upon the invitation of the High Saint King Lebannin to re-ignite the flames of the few remaining stars, it seems the Andromeda Empire does not wish for your longevity, and has thus kidnapped my friend."
"Are you then to put their lives over that of all life?" Saint King Lebannin arose from her seat. "If that is the case, why then do I rule over these stars?"
Finally, the Saint King would charge into peril alone, defeat the assassins from the Andromeda Empire, and rescue both the Princess and Sachi. Afterward, she had a few words with Ike.
"I didn't think you could defeat the dominant species of Andromeda," Ike praised.
"They're a strong and hardy race. I suppose it's true, the, that you defeated the holy dragon en route to becoming the Saint King."
"I am, in fact, that same holy dragon. I fused with Lebannin's flesh and blood, and now act according to her wishes."
"Huh..." Ike was a little shocked by this.
"Ah, yes. Is that the fellow the person the Second Princess is fond of? When I barged in, they were..."
"What!?" Now that was a much bigger shock for Ike.
Vol. 8[]
Of course boys aren't invited to the girl's slumber party! Girls are sacrosanct, like the gods of the golden age.Vera, the Princess, Saint King Lebannin, and Ur, alpha female of the Galactic Swarm, shall talk deep into the night!
—The Girls Themselves—
"I said it was a misunderstanding! She was about to eat me." Sachi explained.
"I don't think she was intending to eat you," Ike said, pushing his glasses up. "The dominant race of the Andromeda Empire have organs on the palms of their hands that allow them to capture and consume eyeballs."
"I've seen it before. Looks like some sort of... lamprey?" Sachi shivered a little as he said that last word.
"Let me finish." Ike wanted to touch his eyes, but wound up pressing his fingerprint into his glasses. Taking his glasses off, he touched his left eye. "Their practice of eating eyes has two meanings: submission..."
He touched his right eye. "...and love."
Sachi also began to rub both his eyes, thinking about which it was back then.
"Whatever the case, I don't think the princess really understands the difference. Those who submit to her, those things she conquers, those who love her — they're all the same to her. People who can't hurt her in an imperial succession battle."
"Huh. No wonder those Andromeda Empire assassins kidnapped her. Two birds with one stone, eh?"
"I'm not getting involved in their succession wars. I can only help you support her better."
"Hey now — we're not like that! I mean, doesn't she hate me the most?"
And what were the girls talking about at this very moment? That may yet be an eternal mystery.
Vol. 9[]
"Vera's so beautiful, like a shining star in the universe, but I...""Boys at this age are always more petite than girls of a similar age."Childhood must be let go of to welcome the coming of the adolescent years. It's not too late to think about it now...Real melancholy finally hits Vera.
—Death Awaits in Abyssal Waves—
As Vera and Sachi grew up, the chemistry between the four changed in subtle and inexplicable ways.
"Enough with excuses," Sachi said to Ike. "Vera will not cease pursuing you even if you never reciprocate her feelings."
Ike was a symbol of a faraway land. He stood for the unknown, for that which was waiting to be discovered. A brave bird would never nest there, but would be forever adrift in the winds of admiration.
Ike retorted, "No matter which way you look at it, being a thousand years old makes you an elderly person."
"Then we are well-matched in age." The Princess merrily chipped in on their conversation.
When Sachi finally mustered the courage to declare his love, he met with the most dreadful fate.
Remember the ancient sword that Ike and Vera received from the old ones when they first met? It was what Ike needed to propel destiny forward! But now, Vera had her finger slit by its blade, and a malicious ancient virus sapped the life out of her.
"This is all your fault!" Sachi grabbed Ike by the collar. If the tragedy had not happened, Ike would have laughed it off, for he was a gentle soul. But this time, he slapped Sachi's hand away.
"Don't you know how to rewind time? Please Do it to save Vera!" Even the Princess begged.
"You don't understand. Only the future can save the past, not the other way around." Ike bit his lip until blood came flowing down.
"A local myth speaks of a Silver Age when people enjoyed a seemingly endless childhood that could last up to two hundred years. This only made their short maturity a pain to bear."
To the others, childhood was long gone, but youth was forever beyond their reach.
To be continued in "Vera's Melancholy" without Vera.
Vol. 10[]
"It's enough. Let's go home... The furthest place I've dreamt of, is the Delphi where you are."Though the explanation is delayed, you should know that Delphi is the center of Greek mythology.Vera's Melancholy - the perfect ending... or is it?
—Vera's Melancholy—
To revive Vera, Sachi, Ike and the Princess embarked on a spectacular and thrilling journey that lasted twenty years. From battling Signor Inferno to slaying the Star Devourer, the trio had even rescued two galaxies and the Galaxy Empire, and eliminated four species of ruthless interstellar worms along the way.
When Vera opened her eyes, she found herself in the arms of Sachi, now a hero of cosmic proportions.
To the dominant species of Andromeda, twenty years was nothing more than a few seconds. The Princess looked lovely as always, but her countenance was a curious mix of genuine happiness and loss.
Sachi, having lost an eye in his adventures, was now a tall and strapping young man. His flowing tears soaked into Vera's shoulders — though still prone to tears, he was no longer his feeble-minded self.
The years had been kind to Ike, who after all this time still had that same old smile on his face.
"I am but an echo of time," Ike said as he began his preparations.
"As I've said, the past cannot change the future, for the predetermined rules of equilibrium are slightly more powerful than me. But the future, with its infinite possibilities, could save the world."
Ike transformed Sachi back into what he was twenty years ago, and time reversed itself to the day of their departure.Everything seemed to remain unchanged between the four, though they realized that the innocence they once shared was one thing that could never return.
"I am sorry for depriving you of your childhood," Ike said to him.
"Now go, the youth that you deserve awaits."
"I have witnessed every wonder in the universe for your sake, and this was how my childhood ended." Sachi summoned every last ounce of his courage as he stood before the girl of his destiny. "I will never reach my youth without you by my side."
What will her answer be?
Editor's note: The author of "Vera's Melancholy" is now off living the high life with the royalties from the first nine volumes. If you happen to see him in your corner of the universe, please help us to impress upon him the urgency with which we require the next volume.
Trivia[]
The book's cover says MELANCHOLIA in the Teyvat Language.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishVera's Melancholy—Chinese(Simplified)少女薇拉的忧郁Shàonǚ Wēilā de YōuyùMelancholy of a Girl Named VeraChinese(Traditional)少女薇拉的憂鬱Shàonǚ Wēilā de YōuyùJapanese少女ヴィーラの憂鬱Shoujo Viira no Yuu'utsuMelancholy of a Girl Named VeraKorean소녀 베라의 우울Sonyeo Bera-ui U'ulThe Melancholy of Girl Vera[• 1]SpanishLa melancolía de VeraVera's MelancholyFrenchLa Mélancolie de VéraVera's MelancholyRussianМеланхолия ВерыMelankholiya VeryVera's Melancholy[• 2]Thaiความเศร้าโศกของ VeraKhwam sao sok khong VeraSorrow of VeraVietnameseVera Sầu MuộnMelancholic VeraGermanVeras TrübsinnVera's GloomIndonesianKemelankolisan VeraVera's MelancholyPortugueseMelancolia de VeraVera's MelancholyTurkishVera'nın MelankolisiVera's MelancholyItalianMalinconia di VeraVera's Melancholy
↑ Korean: Korean version title is parody of The Melancholy of Haruhi.
↑ Russian: The name "Vera" (Russian: Вера Vera) means "Faith."The famous words "Faith, Hope and Love" (Russian: Вера, Надежда и Любовь Vera, Nadezhda i Lyubov') are all popular female names in Russia. They are also the names of three Christian martyrs.
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
Vera's Melancholy was added to the Archive.
Volumes 4, 6, 7, and 8 were added.
Version 1.0
Vera's Melancholy was released.
Volumes 1, 2, 3, 5, 9, and 10 were available.
The Fox in the Dandelion Sea
Type
11 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Mondstadt LibraryFrom Flora in Mondstadt
Vol. 2
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 3
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 4
Inside the Dawn Winery
Vol. 5
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 6
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 7
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 8
On a barrel on the balcony above Dawn Winery entrance
Vol. 9
On a table on the right of Good Hunter
Vol. 10
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 11
Mondstadt Library
The Fox in the Dandelion Sea is a Book Collection that can be found in various places throughout Mondstadt.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Vol. 7
8 Vol. 8
9 Vol. 9
10 Vol. 10
11 Vol. 11
12 Trivia
13 Other Languages
14 Change History
Vol. 1[]
"Dandelion, Dandelion, ride the wind to a faraway land," the Fox chants.An unforgettable Mondstadt fairytale about a hunter and a fox. The Fox in the Dandelion Sea, an 11-part story, begins here.
"Dandelion, dandelion, ride the wind to a faraway land."
The little fox chanted.
He blew the dandelion flower and sent the seeds flying. He then spoke in a more serious tone.
"May my teacher's wishes ride the wind and reach the Anemo Archon."
A wind blew past us and swept away the dandelion seeds.
Did they fly to a better place, carrying my hopes and dreams there with them?
When did this happen?
Some time ago, behind the village, there grew a forest of countless lush trees. At the center of this forest was a small lake.
The lake was like the stained glass windows of Mondstadt Cathedral: crystal clear and shimmering in the sunlight.
The sun shone through the treetops and glistened on the water's surface like fragments of gemstone. It was really something.
The weather was cool that day. I was hunting in the forest when I arrived at the lake's edge. The shimmering water somehow reminded me of a girl I loved a long time ago.
I couldn't remember much about her, but felt that her eyes must have looked like the lake, glittering as if harboring fragments of gemstone within.
I became lost in thought as I stared at the glistening water. Walking transfixed along the lakeside, I had forgotten entirely that I was out for a hunt.
I came to when I heard the sound of something freezing up. It was a Mist Flower growing by the lake, having just frozen the water around it. Next to it was a white fox, its tail frozen in the ice. Poor critter.
"It must have had its tail in the water by the Mist Flower while it was drinking."
Mist Flowers are dangerous plants and can cause frostbite if handled without care. Extreme caution must be taken when handling them.
As it saw me approach, the fox struggled in fear, but its still-frozen tail kept it rooted to the spot. The fox whimpered in pain.
"Oh no, this won't do."
I thought to myself.
"Poor critter. It's gonna die anyway if I don't save it, may as well end its pain by bringing it home as my game for the day."
I imagined what a delicious fox stew I could cook with the carrots I grew. Just thinking about it gave me energy and brought a smile to my face.
So I took out my hunting bow and slowly walked toward it.
"Be good and stay put."
Vol. 2[]
"Be good and stay put."Trapped by a Mist Flower, what does fate have in store by the fox who met a hunter? The story of the Hunter and the Fox continues in Part 2.
"Be good and stay put."
That's what my father's father had taught me. When I went fox hunting, I always chanted his words silently, so that my hands wouldn't shake when pulling the bowstring.
But just as I was about to release the arrow, the fox lifted its head and looked me straight in the eye. It had eyes like the lake, glistening as if harboring fragments of gemstone within.
My head began spinning, as if a strong wind were blowing inside it. My arrow missed its target and instead smashed the ice, releasing the fox's tail. The fox raised its tail and looked at me once more before running off into the forest.
I came to my senses and began the chase — but who in this world can run faster than a fox?
Gradually, the fox began to shrink into the distance, eventually turning into a white spot.
"Hey! Don't go!"
I shouted, barely catching my breath.
After hearing my words, the spot seemed to slow.
"Is it waiting for me?"
I pondered.
"If running for its life, a fox is able to shake off anyone in no time."
Foxes are strange animals. Even when running on a flat plain like at Windrise, where one can see clearly for miles ahead, they somehow still seem to disappear from view.
It's almost as if they run into another world.
This led me to my conclusion:
"The fox must be waiting for me!"
Convinced of this fact, I chased the glittering white spot for hours on end. Suddenly, a chilling wind began to blow.
I stood there, shivering, and what I saw next astounded me.
"How can this be?"
Suddenly, instead of one, there were now two white spots.
More appeared. Three, four, five... They seemed to grow in number as the winds blew. Eventually I lost track.
Suddenly, with a stinging sensation, one of them flew directly into my eye. Upon inspection, I discovered that the spots were in fact nothing more than dandelion seeds floating in the wind. The fox had disappeared.
I laughed at my own foolishness and went home.
For supper, I had carrot fox stew — though without fox, or any other meat for that matter. The gods know how much I hate boiled carrots without meat! I felt starving, and in time fell asleep.
I awoke in the middle of the night to something stirring outside my door.
Vol. 3[]
The Hunter of fruitless hunts was awoken by a commotion outside.Who is at the door?The story of the Hunter and the Fox continues. The Fox in the Dandelion Sea, Part 3.
Having failed to catch the fox, I went to sleep with only tasteless boiled carrots in my stomach. If not for what happened next, I would have forgotten about the fox by now.
I awoke with a start to strange noises coming from outside my door.
"Perhaps boars have come to eat my carrots?"
I hopped out of bed and opened my door. To my surprise, there stood a tiny little white fox. Its fur was so white that it glowed in the dark, not unlike the way sunlight sparkles on water after filtering through the treetops.
"This must be the same fox from earlier!"
I thought again of those eyes that looked like gemstones in the water, gazing at me as if from the depths of my heart.
And so I walked over to the fox, unarmed and with tired eyes.
This time it stayed still and waited for me in silence.
The closer I drew, the greater in stature it became.
By the time I stood before it, it had magically transformed into a human.
She was a tall and slender woman, with a swan-like neck and pearly skin. Her eyes sparkled like gemstone fragments in pools of water — in the darkness they seemed to shine like rays of sunlight on water after filtering through the treetops.
"What a beauty. She looks a lot like the girl I fell in love with long ago, though I barely remember her name. Those eyes tell me she must be her."
I thought to myself.
"This can't be. Must be some type of fox magic."
Stranger still, the idea of "fox magic" had only occurred to me in that instant. You'd believe anything after you'd seen those eyes.
For all the magic and transformation I had witnessed, nothing amazed me quite as much as the gemstone lakes of her eyes. For a while, we stood silently in the dead of night.
And at last she spoke. Though not in our common tongue, I could somehow understand her. Some other magic, perhaps.
"I would have died by that lake, if you had not come in my hour of need."
She paused and continued:
"Although to die by that gemstone lake is no bad thing,"
"We foxes are grateful beings, so you must let me return the favor."
She bowed to me, her long silky black hair flowing down her shoulders like streams.
Vol. 4[]
After a few days apart, a long-awaited reunion takes place on a midsummer's night amidst a veritable blizzard of dandelion seeds.At the direction of the fox, an ocean of dandelions opens up before the hunter's very eyes...
For the next few days after that night, the fox never came again.
But in those few days, prey in the forest became gradually more abundant.
Everything from small finches, long-legged cranes, and even scurrying boars...
Maybe it was the change in season, or some sort of repayment from the fox. Whatever the case, the following days brought real stew to the table.
But the fox never came again.
As strange as it may seem, it had honestly been easier to sleep hungry. Even with a full, satisfied stomach, I couldn't help but think about the day we met, and the woman that the fox had turned into...
When would I gaze upon her eyes again, glittering... like water in a lake.
Lying half-asleep with a heart full of turmoil, I heard a faint sound outside my door.
I hopped from the bed and swung the door open, eager to see a small white silhouette awaiting me.
But there were no lake-blue eyes, and there was no fluffy white foxtail. Instead, all I could see were dandelion seeds drifting in the white moonlight, floating like snowflakes in the air.
Suddenly, something got caught in my nostrils.
"Ah-Ahchooo!!!"
Immediately, the fluffy white dandelion seeds began to swirl, filling the sky like a snowstorm.
Amidst the flurry of dandelion seeds, a pair of jewel-like eyes were looking at me, staring straight into my heart.
Waving away the swirling dandelion seeds, I started walking towards the small fox.
The fox raised its ears and its furry tail flitted across the grass as it turned and disappeared into the depths of the forest.
I hurried and followed closely behind.
In amongst the darkness of the trees, soft patches of white could be seen weaving between the shadows.
Their silhouettes tip-toed like moonlight cast among the tree leaves, or like the hesitant strides of a crafty Seelie.
With unfaltering trust, I followed the fox round and about, soon emerging from the dark forest in a seemingly faraway land.
There, in the moonlight, a sea of dandelions lay before me, stretching as far as my eyes could see.
Stunned by the sight, I began to notice a rustling noise coming from just behind me.
It was a light, delicate sound. Like that of a girl walking barefoot across pine needles and leaves on the ground.
The fox approached me from behind. The night air ferried her presence, cool and damp, whisked together with the slightly bitter fragrance of dandelion flowers.
Two hands with slender, ice-cold fingers rested upon my shoulders.
She leaned in close to my ear and her long hair draped down over my shoulder.
Behind me, I felt the soft rhythm of both her breath and her heartbeat. It made me feel calm and at ease.
"Only the foxes know the way to this place. It is the homeland of the dandelions.
It is my desire that you would tarry here, and teach my child human language...
In return, I will teach you the magic of foxes."
There was a tickle in my ear, as if one of the dandelion seeds had grazed it on its journey into the warm night air.
Strange. I had certainly never mentioned anything about magic to her before. How could she have known?
Without answering, she took my hand and led me into the depths of the sea of dandelions.
The night breezes from both north and south carried the bitter fragrance of dandelion flowers and faded memories...
In those fields of velvet white, she showed me how foxes play gently together in their own fashion, until the moon rose high into the starry sky.
Vol. 5[]
Upon accepting the Fox's conditions, he came to the place where all the prey who disappeared had eventually gone to — an endless field of dandelions.The story of the Hunter and the Fox in the sea of dandelions. The Fox in the Dandelion Sea, Part 5.
In a boundless sea of dandelions that existed in the middle of nowhere, I watched as the seeds took off at the softest touch of the breeze. Suddenly, I knew the answer to that question that had been lingering on my mind for years.
"So all the foxes that disappear during the hunt, this is where they hide away."
I thought to myself.
"What a beautiful place."
But when I began teaching the little fox to speak our common tongue, my heart always felt empty, like a wind was blowing inside of me.
When we talked, I would look into her gemstone-lake eyes. In those moments I felt like I was speaking not to the fox, but to a girl I used to love many years ago.
And so, when she was around me, it was as if I were in the presence of the child of someone I had once loved: We had an enjoyable time together, but the experience was somehow tinged with sadness.
But the thought of her promise — if I succeeded in teaching her child to speak the common tongue...
"I shall impart the magic of transformation to you when the time comes."
Remembering the way she made that solemn promise to me... I knew she was serious, and that gave me determination.
Could I transform into a flying bird once I'd mastered the magic? How high would I be able to fly? Maybe I could transform into a fish, and finally have the chance to go to Musk Reef.
"I could even use magic to hunt!" I couldn't contain my excitement. "No more meatless carrot stews for me..."
I lost track of how long I stayed in the dandelion sea, where everything sways gently with the wind.
One reason was that the little one was such a fast learner! I taught him not only our language, but everything I knew in one package, including how to count, how to grow carrots, how to change window panes, and how to sharpen knives.
When it came to rest, we would talk idly.
"Why must you learn human speech?"
He answered swiftly:
"So that when I transform into a human, I can befriend them!"
I continued:
"Why would you want to befriend the humans?"
He dropped his gaze.
Vol. 6[]
"Why do you want to learn the language of humans?" "So I can befriend humans when I become one."The child-like voice says, in the sea of dandelions. The Fox in the Dandelion Sea, Part 6.
"Why must you learn human speech?"
On one occasion, I asked the little fox this question.
He answered cheerfully in the common tongue:
"So that when I transform into a human, I can befriend them!"
"Why would you want to befriend the humans?"
This seemed to make him sad, and he dropped his gaze.
"I saw a boy in the distant forest."
"He was dressed in gray. He looked and had eyes like a wolf," he added.
"I had just mastered my magic, and was running around excitedly on my hind legs. Running on grass was fun! But sadly, due to the difference in height, a fox can't see or smell the same things that a human can."
"I'm sure you can guess what happened next, teacher! Suddenly, I realized a horrible truth — I was lost."
There was pain in his voice as he relayed the events of that day.
In the end, he had wandered into some faraway wood, and encountered vicious monsters.
Just when he thought he was done for, the gray lupine boy suddenly leapt out of the forest and chased away the monsters. Without a word, he then turned around and vanished into the woods.
"If I could transform into a human and speak their language, I could track him down and make friends with him!"
He said gleefully.
I couldn't help but ask when I heard his reply:
"Am I not your friend?"
The little one answered sincerely in the common tongue:
"Mommy told me that it's different because you're my teacher — but I'd only hurt you if I tell you that."
He tilted his head in befuddlement. His fluffy tail patted the surrounding dandelions as he pondered over this difficult issue.
"I know!"
He burst out.
"If I know something that you don't, that would make me your teacher."
"If we are both teachers, that would make us equals — then we can be friends!"
Still unfamiliar with the common tongue, he did his best to get the sentence out quickly.
"Teacher, please allow me to teach you some magic that only I know."
Vol. 7[]
"Dandelion, Dandelion, ride the wind to a faraway land," the Fox chants.Can the Hunter also learn magic to make his wish come true? The Fox in the Dandelion Sea, Part 7.
"Teacher, please allow me to teach you some magic that only I know."
Still unfamiliar with the common language, he did his best to get the sentence out quickly, eager to befriend me.
He picked a little dandelion.
"Dandelion, dandelion, ride the wind to a faraway land."
The little fox chanted.
He blew the dandelion flower and sent the seeds flying. He then spoke in a more serious tone.
"May my teacher's wishes ride the wind and reach the Anemo Archon."
A wind blew past us and swept away the dandelion seeds.
"See? The Anemo Archon has just answered my wish!"
He exclaimed merrily.
"What wish did you make?"
"To become friends with my teacher."
He lowered his head abruptly.
"It must have been tiring to teach him to speak your language. Our mouths are structured differently from a human's, so I must thank you for your effort."
We had not noticed the mother fox approaching. Her eyes were like bottomless lakes, and the little fox quietly hid himself among the dandelions to escape her gaze.
"When he has mastered human language,"
I thought to myself.
"When he has mastered human language,"
She said softly.
Vol. 8[]
"When he has mastered human language..." The fox's voice is gently carried away by the midnight breeze, drifting further and further away together with the dandelion seeds...After all, the fox is a different kind of creature from the human, and the two do not share all the same sense of mirth and misery...
"When he has mastered human language..."
Thus she softly said.
I looked at her face, mesmerized.
I couldn't hear what she said after that. The mischievous night breeze was laden with dandelion seeds, which muffled her words.
Or perhaps that was her native language? The language of dandelions?
She began to laugh as she perceived my clumsy, gauche appearance.
She had the most beautiful laugh. The curved pupils in her eyes glistened like two crescent moons shining on ripples in the lake.
"Now, tell me then, why is it you wish to learn fox magic?"
"I want to learn to transform just like foxes do. That way I could turn into a bird and fly to the highest of heights, and behold places that were once too far for my eyes to see."
That was my reply.
"Ahh yes, no longer will I need to lie in wait among the bushes while hunting. Instead, I will be able to freely soar high above like a falcon."
Thus I kept thinking to myself.
As I was thought to myself [sic], the dandelion seed in my hand began to float up towards the moonlight, almost as if it had heard my thoughts.
"I see..."
She lowered her head slightly and her long, black hair flowed down her neck like a waterfall, glistening in the moonlight. Her pale white skin shone brightly, seemingly reflecting the wisps of clouds in the night sky above.
I couldn't take my eyes off her. After a moment, I quickly turned my gaze away as I started blushing again.
Foxes are free animals. They would never cover their beauty because of shame like humans do.
Although this certainly wasn't the first time I beheld her, every time the moonlight shone upon her long hair, I couldn't help but blush and look away.
She turned her face in thought for a moment, and let out a gentle sigh. She seemed rather displeased.
We sat amidst the dandelion sea, not saying a word. A long time passed, long enough that I started thinking that she might be angry with me.
"We foxes are grateful beings. I will teach you the magic of transformation, and so fulfill your wish."
The fox said, turning her face towards me.
Her lake-blue eyes shone in the moonlight, and it made me feel at peace.
Thank goodness, she wasn't mad at me.
For some reason I could not clearly name, I quietly heaved a sight of relief.
Vol. 9[]
When I have taught all that there is to teach, will it be possible to see this sea of dandelions again...?In the dandelion sea, the hunter starts to contemplate leaving.
Foxes are clever animals. Clever and cunning.
The little fox learned very quickly, and could sometimes even ask questions that would stump me.
For human speech is complicated and intricate, nothing like the innocence of animal speech.
Sometimes, language is like a yarn ball caught in the paws of a cat. It catches here and there, and there again it catches a student's tongue, sometimes even tripping a teacher up.
But foxes are clever animals, and very quickly they learn the many intricacies of human speech that were handed down over the generations, becoming able to describe the way dandelions float away, or how the moonlight shines over the lake in a rudimentary manner.
Every time the little fox discovered a new word, every time he tried using unfamiliar words to explore a familiar world, to bestow meanings upon the wind, dandelions and the earth, she would be beside him, smiling, watching us.
The little fox learned very quickly, but I did not take much joy from that.
When I had run out of things to teach, would she still keep me here in this dandelion sea?
When that time came, would I still be able to behold those beautiful eyes under the moonlight?
Would she still lead me into the depths of the dandelion sea, smiling slyly as we frolicked and breathed in the bitter fragrance that came from both the north and south winds?
As I thought about such things, I became lost in sullen memory.
Yes, that's right. On that night that I could no longer remember clearly, when I was about to part with the girl I loved, this same moon had hung in the sky as well.
"Thank you for everything up till now."
Before I knew it, the fox had walked in front of me. She bowed, and her hair spilled over her shoulders, flowing like water in the glimmering moonlight.
"Once he has learned human speech, he should be able to make more new friends."
"I am truly thankful to you for all you've done. He has also cheered up significantly since beginning to learn the human language."
She gazed at me, her deep, unfathomable eyes shining like jewels.
"Still, once you have finished teaching us the human language, where will you go then?"
Enraptured by those shining eyes, I forgot to reply.
Was this fox magic, too?
Seeing my wooden expression, the fox laughed and sighed.
Then, she turned and began walking in the direction of the moon, leading me further into the center of the moonlit dandelion sea.
Seeing this, the little fox swished its tail from side to side, and burrowed into the dandelion fields.
Vol. 10[]
The somber parting has finally arrived... The Fox bids farewell to its mother, teacher, and the dandelion sea. It's time to live up to the promise. The Fox in the Dandelion Sea, Part 10.
The little fox kept waving back to us as he walked. His figure grew smaller and smaller until it became a tiny white spot, which blended into the dandelion sea and slowly faded away.
After he had gone, the mother fox turned and walked over to me.
The closer she drew, the greater in stature she became.
By the time she stood before me, she had transformed into a human.
She was a tall and slender woman, with a swan-like neck and pearly skin. Her eyes sparkled like gemstone fragments in pools of water — in the darkness they seemed to shine like rays of sunlight on water after filtering through the treetops.
"What a beauty. She looks a lot like the girl I fell in love with long ago, though I barely remember her name. Those eyes tell me she must be her."
I thought to myself.
For all the magic and transformation I had witnessed, still nothing amazed me quite as much as the gemstone lakes of her eyes. For a while, we stood silently in the boundless dandelion sea.
At last, I could no longer contain myself, and opened my mouth:
"Is this the magic you wanted to teach me? The magic of transformation?"
"It is. I am most grateful to you for all your help over this long period."
She bowed to me, her long silky black hair flowing down her shoulders like streams.
Although saying farewell to the little fox left emptiness in my heart, I soon became exhilarated at the thought of the transformation magic that I was about to learn.
Could I transform into a flying bird once I'd mastered the magic? How high would I be able to fly? Maybe I could transform into a fish, and finally have the chance to go to Musk Reef.
"I could even use magic to hunt!" I couldn't contain my excitement. "No more meatless carrot stews for me..."
"Then I shall ask you to stand still."
She walked circles around me, her stature growing with every pass.
No, not just her. The dandelions were also growing in size! They had only been at my ankles when she started, but now stretched to over my waist, growing as if turning into towering trees.
It was only when I started to feel strange that I realized that the fox had become a giant.
Vol. 11[]
"Dandelion, Dandelion, ride the wind to a faraway land," the Fox chants.An unforgettable Mondstadt fairytale about a hunter and a fox.The Fox in the Dandelion Sea, the final installment.
I started to feel strange, and then I noticed — I had turned into a dandelion!
Even if I wanted to protest, the dandelion had no mouth nor tongue for me to make a sound. All I could do was watch helplessly as the giant gently picked the dandelion plant from the ground and held it between her thumb and index finger.
"Dandelion, Dandelion, ride the wind to a faraway land."
The fox chanted.
And then with a puff, the dandelion seeds began to dance in the air. I was caught in a storm and whisked away to a distant sky.
The swirling made my head dizzy. Those eyes that glistened like gemstones in the lake had left me, along with my consciousness and the promise she had made.
"Oh, Anemo Archon, I beg you to turn us into humans! For only then can we be safe from their hunting bows and knives."
When I awoke, I found myself in the woods behind my village.
The woods were full of lush trees, and at the center of the woods was a small lake.
The lake was like the stained glass windows of Mondstadt Cathedral: crystal clear and shimmering in the sunlight.
The sun shone through the treetops and glistened on the water's surface like fragments of gemstone. It was really something.
The weather was cool that day. I was hunting in the forest when I arrived at the lake's edge. The shimmering water somehow reminded me of a girl I loved a long time ago.
I couldn't remember much about her, but felt that her eyes must have looked like the lake, glittering as if harboring fragments of gemstone within.
Hmm. I must have lost myself in thought that day, drifting off into sleep as I watched the sparkling lake.
Trivia[]
The book's cover says FOXTALE in the Teyvat Language.
The "fox" in these books refers to the crimson fox (which probably does not have the real-life counterpart), rather than the red fox (Vulpes vulpes), the most common fox in the real world (which appears as the kitsune in Teyvat).
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Fox in the Dandelion Sea—Chinese(Simplified)蒲公英海的狐狸Pǔgōngyīng-Hǎi de HúlíFox of the Dandelion SeaChinese(Traditional)蒲公英海的狐狸Pǔgōngyīng-Hǎi de HúlíJapanese蒲公英の海の狐Tanpopo no Umi no KitsuneFox of the Dandelion SeaKorean민들레밭의 여우Mindeullebat-ui Yeo'uThe Fox in the Dandelion FieldSpanishEl zorro en el mar de dientes de leónThe Fox in the Sea of DandelionsFrenchLa Renarde qui nageait dans la mer de pissenlitsThe She-Fox that Swam in the Dandelion SeaRussianЛиса в море одуванчиковLisa v more oduvanchikovThe She-Fox in the Dandelion SeaThaiสุนัขจิ้งจอกในท้องทะเลแห่งแดนดิไลออนSunak chingchok nai thongthale haeng daendilaionThe Fox in the Sea of DandelionsVietnameseHồ LyHồ Ly狐狸 Biển Bồ Công AnhBồ Công Anh蒲公英Fox of the Dandelion SeaGermanDer Fuchs im LöwenzahnmeerThe Fox in the Dandelion SeaIndonesianRubah di Lautan DandelionThe Fox in the Dandelion SeaPortugueseA Raposa no Mar de DandelionTurkishKarahindiba Denizindeki TilkiFox in the Dandelion SeaItalianLa volpe nel Mare di denti di leone
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
The Fox in the Dandelion Sea was added to the Archive.
Volumes 4, 8, and 9 were added.
Version 1.0
The Fox in the Dandelion Sea was released.
Volumes 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 10, and 11 were available.
The Boar Princess
Type
7 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Andersdotter
Location
Vol. 1
Mondstadt's Library
Vol. 2
Mondstadt's Library
Vol. 3
Mondstadt's Library
Vol. 4
Mondstadt's Library
Vol. 5
Mondstadt's Library
Vol. 6
[Requires the Lost in the Snow quest to be completed first]Investigate the backpack on the pathway in Dragonspine to the right of Wyrmrest Valley's teleport waypoint.
Vol. 7
Mondstadt's LibraryFrom Marla in Springvale before 19:00
The Boar Princess is a Book Collection found in Mondstadt.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Vol. 7
8 Trivia
9 Other Languages
10 Change History
11 References
Vol. 1[]
A long, long time ago, in the forest kingdom... What legends occurred there?The Boar Princess, Part 1. A story about friendship, love, and death.
In the myths of ages past, every living being in this world had its own kingdom.
Mondstadt was a forest in that age, a playground of the boars.
In the forest was the Boar Kingdom, where everybody lived happily under the reign of the Boar King.
The King had a lovely young daughter, who had the prettiest snout, the whitest tusks, and the smoothest fur in the whole kingdom.
The Boar Princess, beautiful and kind, gave the juiciest and sweetest fruits to her subjects every day.
From sweet and sour berries, to crisp apples, to delicious tree mushrooms, the Boar Princess always shared her delicacies first with her friends.
Every boar in the kingdom adored their King and Princess, and every day they praised them so:
"Oink, oink! Bless our King! As long as he reigns over us, we will never starve!"
"Oink, oink, Bless the gentle Anemo Archon for giving our King such a kind and polite Princess!"
(There are some words in the margin written in tiny handwriting: "dada, if I dont eat candy efery night, and i pray eferyday, will i turn into a wild piggy? i want to be a wild piggy because they are so tasty")
Vol. 2[]
A lifeless ice field, a land even the gentle Anemo Archon has never visited. How is it that it still has its lonely inhabitants?The Boar Princess, Part 2. The story continues on the glacier.
North of the boar forest was a frozen tundra.
The playful Barbatos had not reached those lands, so they remained covered by ice and snow.
Every creature who ventured there risked freezing their paws and hooves off.
"It's cold, too cold! It's freezing! My claws are going to shatter!"
Even the bravest, strongest Boar King could not withstand the frigid tundra.
"Oink, oink, oink! My frozen snout is turning purple!"
There lived but a single lone wolf pup in that place.
(The childish handwriting at the bottom of the page reads: "dada, why does the little doggy have paws that don't freeze off in the cold?")
Vol. 3[]
"Now and evermore shall you be bereft of hope." What fate awaits the wolf pup who bears such a cruel curse?The Boar Princess, Part 3.
The pup was a carefree child who had bright blue eyes and slick gray fur.
When he got angry, he looked exactly like the wolf head relief atop the Mondstadt Cathedral.
But one day, when he was hunting in the forest, he ran into the evil squirrel sorcerer Woobakwa!
Of all the beings in the ancient world, none were more evil than Woobakwa — not even demons and dragons. Woobaka [sic] despised everything nice, and swore to transform beauty into ugliness and turn light into dark.
At the sight of the joyful wolf, anger boiled inside him. He cursed:
"Squeak! Squeak! Angry am I! I shall spike his heart with the coldest ice, and he will never again know the meaning of hope!"
With that said, Woobakwa began to curse the pup with his magic.
But the rash pup gobbled him up, just like that, without the slightest warning.
Woobakwa was so furious that he cursed the pup using the most foul and insulting words ever uttered by a squirrel. The pup felt the noise coming from his mouth, and only then did he realize his mistake.
"Aroo, I'm so sorry, mister squirrel, I thought you were edible!"
The pup wished to apologize to the squirrel, but he felt his throat tighten and then loosen. The squirrel slid down to his stomach with a gulp.
(A sheet of paper bearing fine handwriting is taped to this page: "Lily, this is why you should eat cautiously when you're outside.")
Vol. 4[]
The wolf pup grew up in the cold loneliness. The secret past of the lone wolf is now revealed.The Boar Princess, Part 4
No one knew just what chemical reaction occurred in the pup's stomach, but Woobakwa's curse magically came into effect!
Because of the curse, the pup's heart was pierced and frozen by an icicle. The pup became cold and mean forever after, and whenever other animals showed kindness to him, he would repay them with the harshest of words or the most woeful of deeds. In the end, every animal loathed him.
From then on, every wolf in the forest spoke of the pup in this way:
"Woof, what a selfish wolf he is! Such an obnoxious kid."
"Woof, woof, what a heartless wolf he is! Let us stay away from him."
One by one, the pup lost all his friends. The forest welcomed the lonely pup no more, so he had no choice but to head north.
The blizzards that blew in the northern tundra kept most creatures away. But with his heart already frozen solid, the pup was no longer afraid of the cold.
He decided to settle down there, and became the lone wolf that roamed the tundra.
(A young girl has written in the corner of the page: "Dada, but where did Woobakwa go?")
Vol. 5[]
"No one deserves this fate." The good princess sheds a tear of compassion. For those who persevere as true companions, even the ice shall melt before their determination.The Boar Princess, Part 5
One day, the Boar Princess heard about the pup and was deeply saddened by his story.
So she asked her people about how to defrost his heart and turn him back to his former sweet self.
She asked and asked, but only the wise fox and the elderly turtle knew the answer:
"Ack-ack-ack! Only sincerity and fire could melt such evil ice. Ack-ack-ack!" The fox replied.
"Friendship demands sacrifice. No friendships come without sacrifices. I apologize for not knowing how to make funny sounds," the trustworthy Grandpa Turtle said.
The clever Boar Princess knew right away what she had to do. She dried her tears and curtsied to the two wise animals:
"Oink oink! Thank you! I would like you to go see the pup with me, so you could be the first to witness our friendship!"
When the fox and the turtle heard the Boar Princess was willing to invite them on a royal trip, their hearts were full of joy. They set out with the Princess and headed north.
(A handwritten note, seemingly from the young girl's father, is taped to the page: "Turtles can't make noises, no matter how hard they try. The reason Grandpa Turtle apologizes for this is just because he is very polite.")
Vol. 6[]
The Boar Princess and her two wise companions brave an icy wasteland and scale a snowy mountain, where they discover a very mysterious inhabitant indeed...See how this high-altitude, low-temperature adventure unfolds in volume six of The Boar Princess.There is some childish handwriting on the title page, which reads: "daddy, when you get home, you have to read me the one about the snowy mountain too!
And so, the Princess and her two wise companions arrived in the snowswept hinterland of the far north. Ice and snow covered the land as far as the eye could see. Neither the biggest, bravest animals nor even the weasel, who is the most skilled digger of them all, could find so much as a single blade of soft grass or a single piece of juicy fruit.
The Princess was shivering from head to tail in the freezing cold, yet she was undaunted. Without even looking back, she pressed on deeper into the frozen wasteland. The wise fox and the trustworthy turtle could not bear the piercing wind and the freezing snow. They begged of the Princess:
"Ack-ack-ack! If His Majesty the King knew that you were adventuring to such a cold and dangerous place as this, he would be very worried! Let's head back home... Ack-ack-ack," exclaimed the fox. "Yes, I agree! I fear the snowstorm will get stronger and colder with each passing second... Let us at least rest a while, and continue our journey once the wind has stopped and the sun is out? Once again, I apologize for not knowing how to make funny sounds," reasoned the turtle.
It was to no avail. The persevering Princess did not heed the advice of her wise companions, but insisted that they continue to press on into the bitter cold of the far north. For what nobler cause could one pursue in this world than rescuing lost kin and rekindling lost friendships?
Onwards they continued through the ice and snow, until their paws and hooves were purple from the cold, until each breath they exhaled turned into ice which became one with the swirling blizzard around them. Then, at the icy peak of a tall mountain, next to a frozen river which, in spite of everything, still flowed — albeit with icicles rather than water — the Princess met a spirit, swaying to and fro in the freezing wind.
An ancient race of wise spirits lived atop that ice-capped mountain. They had no physical form, but possessed great magical power. "Oink oink! Are you the master of this place? Please, O Spirit, could you guide us through this snowstorm?" The Princess politely posed her question as her hooves, now numb from the cold, trembled in the snow. The wise fox and the trustworthy Grandpa Turtle also looked expectantly at the spirit of the snowstorm. As they gazed, their paws and flippers, respectively, numb from the cold, trembled in the snow.
"Whoosh, whoosh..." The spirit of the snowstorm spoke softly. "Of course, but... whoosh, whoosh..." "In return, I will sap your energy. The further forward you go in the storm, the more tired and hungry you will become — though I assure you, it will not be life threatening... I hope... Whoosh, whoosh..."
"Oink oink! This is, after all, the spirit of the snowstorm," pondered the Princess. "And I am also in the company of the two wisest, most caring members of my family. Whatever may happen, they will always be able to find a way!" Without a moment's hesitation, the Princess granted the spirit of the snowstorm her request. The wise fox and the trustworthy Grandpa Turtle had no time at all to formulate, let alone articulate, any remonstration.
"Oink oink, I do declare this deal a fair one! Now, lead us to the wolf pup!" And so, the spirit turned into an ice stream, and carried the persevering Princess over the tall mountain...
Vol. 7[]
All the sacrifices made out in the frozen plains were not in vain. The perfect ending of friendship, love, life and death!This is the end to the famous and touching story, The Boar Princess.
After venturing through the bitter cold and the swirling storms, the Boar Princess finally met the pup.
The pup was covered in ice. His once bright blue eyes had grown dim, and he had all but forgotten how to bark.
"Aroo! You have come at the right moment, for I haven't had lunch yet!"
Hearing his words, the kind Boar Princess could not help but shed tears. Her warm tears seemed to melt a little of the ice at the tip of the pup's heart.
"Aroo! Why are you crying?"
"Oink, oink! You are going to starve out here — I have never seen such misery in my kingdom!"
"I will sacrifice everything to feed your hungry belly!"
The pup was stupefied by her words.
"Arooooooo! Miss, you must be mad! No one has ever dared say such things to me!"
But when the pup saw the determination in her eyes, his frozen heart melted some more.
"Nope! That's why..."
"I will sacrifice two of the wisest and most caring members of my family just to feed you! It is for the sake of our friendship!"
The fox knew what horror she meant and attempted to run, but he was pinned to the ground by the pup and the Boar Princess.
Grandpa Turtle was so frightened by the sight that he retreated into his shell.
The pup and the Boar Princess enjoyed a delicious appetizer of fox out in the snow. Next, they found a cave, picked a few mushrooms, built a fire with some moss, and treated themselves to a tasty turtle soup.
The pup felt the delight of sharing and making friends for the first time he could remember. His frozen heart melted completely, and he shed tears of joy.
The Princess took the pup by his paw, and the two merrily returned to their home.
(Wedged between the last two pages is a card bearing elegant handwriting: "Honey, I think it would be best if we donated this one to the library...")
Trivia[]
The inscriptions found at the end of each volume are written by Lily, Jilliana, and Rudolf.
Parsley and Rosemary mention having read the Boar Princess when they lived in Snezhnaya, with Rosemary acting as the Boar Princess and Parsley as the wolf pup.
The Boar Princess is mentioned in the description of the Furnishing item "Birch Double Drawer Nightstand."
Vol. 8 is shown to be sold to Lanoire from the Rag and Bone Shop in the World Quest Series Unfinished Comedy. The Traveler cannot obtain this, and subsequently, the book's content cannot be read.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Boar Princess—Chinese(Simplified)野猪公主Yězhū GōngzhǔThe Boar PrincessChinese(Traditional)野豬公主Yězhū GōngzhǔJapaneseイノシシプリンセスInoshishi PurinsesuThe Boar PrincessKorean멧돼지 공주Metdwaeji GongjuThe Boar PrincessSpanishLa princesa jabalíThe Boar PrincessFrenchLa Princesse sanglierThe Boar PrincessRussianПринцесса-кабанPrintsessa-kabanThe Boar PrincessThaiเจ้าหญิงหมูป่าChao-ying Mu-paThe Boar PrincessVietnameseCông Chúa Heo RừngThe Boar PrincessGermanDie WildschweinprinzessinThe Boar PrincessIndonesianPutri Babi HutanThe Boar PrincessPortugueseA Princesa JavaliTurkishYaban Domuzu PrensesThe Boar PrincessItalianLa principessa dei cinghiali
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.2
Volume 6 was released.
Version 1.1
Series was moved into the Archive.
Volume 6 was renamed to Volume 7.
Version 1.0
The book series was released to collect in-game.
References[]
Legend of the Shattered Halberd
Type
6 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Publisher
Yae Publishing House
Author
Mr. Nine
Location
Vol. 1
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 2
On a table in front of Huachu and Jianqiu at Stone Gate
Vol. 3
From Tea Master Liu Su in Liyue Harbor after listening to all of his stories. (Listen repeatedly several times)
Vol. 4
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 5
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 6
Received as a Quest Item from Xingqiu during the quest Bookworm Swordsman
Legend of the Shattered Halberd is a Book Collection found in various places throughout Liyue. Volume 6 is obtained during the quest Bookworm Swordsman.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Other Languages
8 Change History
9 References
Vol. 1[]
In ancient times when Axis Mundi was unobstructed, there were nine realms, each a world of its own. The realm of humans was known as the Zhongzhou, while the gods reside in Shenxiao.At the end of the last calamity, a war between the gods broke out. The God King fell, setting the nine realms ablaze, obliterating all living things. The realms have now been born anew, life again thrives, but the passageway between the nine realms by Axis Mundi has been sealed off.An all-new graphic novel on the epic journey in search of the God King's Halberd begins!
—Pressing Official Businesses—
"I am the Great and Glorious General Weiyang, emissary of the imperial court on a royal mission! I demand that you step aside at once!"
"General? So the Great and Glorious is a military rank now, huh? I thought it was a civil office." Mir responded with not a moment's hesitation.
Weiyang's face turned bright red. "Oh!? An ignorant borderland heathen seeks to educate me on the matters of the court!?"
Mir was unfazed. "I would be surprised if they'd overhauled the entire government bureaucracy in the space of a few years."
Two broad-sword-wielding Martial Artists in Weiyang's party burst out laughing. "Haha! So it ends our grand journey to the capital... The cart finally makes it past a thousand miles of checkpoints, only to get gridlocked like this at some tiny little inn out in the wlderness!"
Qin stared intently at Weiyang's crimson-colored cheeks before suddenly declaring: "You're a woman! A female officer disguised as a man!" The claim was accentuated with a prod of his finger.
"An astute observation," came the response from one of the martial artists. "She is in fact the Secretary of Ceremonies. The two of us are military officers. One from the Imperial Guards, the other from the Imperial Escorts, both versed in polearm and sword. We are serving the office of the Imperial Grand Minister on secondment, and we are here under orders to retrieve the Ominous Swords."
"Although the part about the Great and Glorious Gen... General, haha... Although that's made up, the bit about being here on official court... uh, business is not," the other Martian Artist chimed in to say.
The Ominous Swords were something that Mir had heard of. The story was that an iron meteorite had fallen from the sky five or six years ago, and convention dictated that as nature's treasure it belonged to the imperial family.
However, a swordsmith by the name of Feng had taken it for himself and used it to illegaly cast nine swords. It was said that the Ominous Swords were cursed by the meteorite and could drain people's intellect. Naturally, they had caused quite the stir in martial artists' circles.
"Good for you," said Mir as he shut the toilet door.
"It'd be even better for me if you got yourself out from that toilet... now!" Her disguise exposed, Weiyang gave up trying to compose herself and spoke in her normal voice.
She sounded more charming than one would expect, given the circumstances.
"Officer Weiyang is a cultured lady of the court. Unlike us, she cannot resolve her pressing official business by simply finding a discrete spot in the wild. Please, hurry up!"
Mir washed his hands and exited the toilet, then sat down at the table with the two Martial Artists.
"it is not at every border town that we encounter one so familiar with court affairs." The one that seems to be the Imperial Escort officer sizes up Mir. "Might I inquire as to your personal history?"
"My father, Mi Tingren, was Minister of Imperial Banquets. He was framed for embezzlement of funds intended for the imperial cuisine. He then resigned from his post and returned home." Mir paused to scratch his chin before continuing, "My old man's not been himself ever since that happened. I still intend to go back to the court one day and clear the Mi family name."
Vol. 2[]
Mir, having stumbled onto the journey to retrieve the swords by accident, encountered a huge crisis before the journey had even begun. Imperial Guard and Imperial Escort elites were slain by enemies holding the Ominous Swords. Amidst grave danger, Mir recalled a spell taught by his father. Legend has that, the Celestial Emperor has a young daughter whose name was not known to the world; she now possessed Weiyang's body and revealed herself. Who would prevail? The wielders of the Ominous Swords who had turned into ferocious demons? Or Mir who could somewhat hold his own in a fight?
—A Matter of Possession—
"Yum. Very nice."
Now that the spirit had possessed her body, Weiyang was of a much sweeter and gentler disposition. She took a tiny bite of one of Mir's stuffed pies, but it was too hot, so in an effort to avoid burning her tongue she stuck it out of her mouth and panted for breath frantically. Truth be told, it was all rather cute.
"That came unexpectedly. I need some time to process." Mir, who had given up one of his eyeballs to appease the spirit, helped himself to a pie and asked, "Can you go over it again?"
"Very well. The 'meteorite' was in fact a Divine Halberd. It was snapped into pieces by a commoner and made into nine cursed swords — the Ominous Swords. This one is the Sword of Mist, adding in that pair I've found three of them to date."
"And what's your place in all of this?"
"I was once the daughter of the Celestial Emperor. But I have long forgotten my name. I was in charge of conducting trials and sentencing at the end — a judge, to use your parlance."
Since the Court of Imperial Entertainments was responsible for sacrifices and offerings, Mir's father had forced him to learn every last detail and word uttered in every known court ritual. And because most rituals involved encounters with bizarre forces and temperamental deities, he also knew a thing or two about how to deal with them. For instance, he knew that deities tended to guard their names closely, for knowledge of a deity's true name allows a human being to exercise absolute control over them. So he wasn't convinced this one had simply forgotten her name.
"So the court wants to retrieve the swords to reconstruct the Divine Halberd?" Mir forced himself to entertain the reasonability of this line of inquiry.
"I don't know. The master of this body knows nothing else. She is just... deeply angry. She wants to prove herself." Weiyang puts her hands on her chest.
"So what's the next step? Do I have to perform some sort of farewell ceremony for you?" Mir stroked the bandaged and sightless eye. "And then do I get my eye back?"
"Give me a name." She raised her head, oblivious to the crumbs at the edges of her mouth.
"Don't be ridiculous. The imperial civil service examinations are overseen in person by the Emperor himself. How will I claim the title of Minister of Imperial Banquets with only one eye?"
"Well, I have things to reclaim too: the remaining pieces of the Divine Halberd," she responded. "Otherwise, this world and everything in it is going to burn in hellfire."
Mir kept looking at her, but did not respond.
"You do not need to go with me. But with the fate of all living things at stake, please allow me to hold on to your eyeball for the time being."
Vol. 3[]
"Just stay with the name 'Weiyang' for convenience's sake on the road. With the official documents from the government in hand, you should be free to go as you wish throughout the kingdom." Still worried about Weiyang, Mir decided to accompany her on her journey and kill any demons they may encounter. Though they had already collected five Ominous Swords and all seemed to be well, they knew in their hearts that the way forward would only get more treacherous and perilous.
—A Dark Westward Journey—
"This is all that I can do fo you," Mir said as he placed a series of dishes onto the table. He then sat down opposite Weiyang.
Weiyang's right arm, which was broken in the fight to the death that had just taken place, was still wrapped in bandages. She stared intensely at Mir for a long while, but Mir just sat there resting his jaw on his hand and looking downards. Neither of them spoke.
Finally, Weiyang attempted to use chopsticks with her left hand. But alas, her dexterity was found wanting, and she failed to procure a single meatball from the murky depths of the hot broth. Mir sighed, took the chopsticks from her hand, and said, "Fine, I'll feed you."
"So there is still more that you can do for me," Weiyang suddenly quipped a few mouthfuls in. Her mood remained unchanged.
"The Court of Imperial Entertainments is dedicated to worshiping and making sacrifices to all you divine beings up above. Serving you is my family's job."
And in any case, when the gods make their move, what can mere mortals do but look on helplessly and accept their fate?
— At least, that's what Mir thought. But he also thought it was better to keep that part to himself.
"Couldn't you use your powers, though? I thought you said that each time you fight a Omnious Sword owner, you use telekinesis to make your polearm levitate, swing your sword around, and so on. Surely chopsticks can't be any harder?"
"That is a power bestowed upon me by my father. Only I have this power. It is solely for use in sentencing the guilty. I mustn't..." Weiyang's voice changed in tone. "I mustn't use it lightly."
"Before he died, that guy said something really strange about the situation with my father." Mir flicked the candle flame while he spoke to relieve his boredom. "'Minister Mi was neither innocent, nor wrongly accused.' What on earth did he mean by that?"
If the court was unwilling to reconstruct the Divine Halberd, then being with the celestial emperor's daughter that had possessed Weiyang's body makes him an enemy of the imperial court.
As if to signal that she had understood what Mir was thinking, Weiyang's face grew dark in the candlelight.
She said, "You don't need to help me any longer. Your are a mere mortal, there is nothing to be gained from settling a score with the court."
Mir replied, "Speak no more of this matter, I must get the truth out of my old man first."
Weiyang said, "Oh.. we will pay a visit to your esteemed father? Then I must buy some fresh silk garmets and makeup first thing tomorrow morning."
Mir replied, "He's just a regular old man. There's no neeed for all that."
An unusually stern expression appeared on Weiyang's face. "Is this not your sworn duty?"
Vol. 4[]
"Calm down, my son. Listen, Mir. I am not your real father...""Noooooo!"The once Mister of Imperial Banquets was, in truth, Khan the Asura from Jotunheim. Leaving the capital was but an act in collaboration with the Minister of Ceremonies and the Grand Secretary to protect the daughter of the Celestial Emperor."The late Celestial Emperor Shenxiao, the now Contra Mundi, was once a dear friend of mine. But now, knowing that you have successfully summoned her, all my wishes have been fulfilled."
—Master Plan—
Even a Buddha or an adeptus would have found themselves powerless to do anything in this situation.
"This is the Sword of Flame, the 'Katakugosha.' It was made from the shard of the Divine Halberd that was the Dharani of the fire realm. Sorry... in language that your Majesty would understand, it's made with the runes of the fire realm, one of the God King's nine realms."
How could this westbound warrior display such mastery of the sword? Most who had been stripped of the intellect by an Ominous Sword lose their fighting instinct and any martial arts they had learned.
Weiyang nursed her broken arm and panted in the scorching hot air. Normally her abilities would enable her to fix broken bones, but the unquenchable flames burnt relentlessly at her wound.
Her sight grew blurry as she lost blood. Mir stepped in from of her, guarding her from the warrior.
"I can see that would have a lot of questions. Fine, I'll tell you everything! I killed your father because he tried to stop the resurrection of the God King. And the reason I can manipulate the fire realm runes rather than the other way round is because..."
The warrior from the east raised the Ominous Sword. "Is because I am a warrior of Hunt From Above made flesh..." Legend has it that the Celestial Emperor once went to war with the Asura. To prepare for the war, the Celestial Emperor selected soldiers from three realms and made them ascend to become his celestial army after death. Sometimes, they were best by inclement weather on the marsh, with thundercloud tornados surrounding them. The people of Zhongzhou referred to it as the soldiers of the celestial army "hunting from above."
"No... Impossible!" A look of disbelief appeared on the warrior's face as the Ominous Sword broke into pieces, and he, too, was sent flying from his own soldiers towards whatever destiny had in store for him next.
In the chaos, Mir hand brought out the sword his father had left him as inheritance. It was intended as more of a gesture of defiance than a genuine attempt to fight back. But unbeknownst to him, this was the greatest cursed sword of all, that had once burned the entire world to cinders: Laevatain. If the fire-realm runes constituted the mystery of the fire realm, Laevatain was its pure unadulterated, unquenchable reality.
The sword had extinguished after the world was burned, but having assimilated the rune of the fire realm, it burned bright once more.
"The whole world... destroyed again..." Weiyang fell unconscious as she spoke.
Vol. 5[]
"There are many among the military officials who wish to unseal Axis Mundi since the world in chaos would greatly elevate the position and importance of the Martial Artists.""They want to wage another War of the Asuras?""He does."The tug-of-war between the civil and military officials and the schemes of the past gods once again threatens all of the nine realms!
—Legacy of a Goddess—
"Your deeds have saved the people. You are indeed a great warrior." The crown prince, hands clasped behind his back, walked in circles around Mir, who lay prostrate on the ground. But Mir was unmoved by his words.
"Hand over the Divine Halberd and you may have the title of Minister of Imperial Banquets. Grand Secretary will be yours too within a decade, if you want it." The crown prince sat down. "Well? What is your response?"
"A lowly commoner dares not speak till His Majesty permits him to rise."
"Hmm... but now if I granted you permission to speak, it would be because you instructed me to do so... We can't have that! As future lord of all the land—"
"Pff. What a charade this is," said Mir as he switched to a more relaxed position. "The official etiquette of the ruling dynasty does not require kowtowing for an audience with the crown prince. It should just be the regular thrice greeting. I noticed that you were on track to become Emperor, so I thought I'd come pay my respects. There's just no need to lord it over me like this."
"You... you..."
"What about me?" Mir snapped as he stood up. "I will give you half of the Divine Halberd. The Dharani of the fire realm, I will offer to father. Mostly to avoid another situation where we have remnants trying to stir up trouble."
"Can't, uh, can't hurt. As long as the portion I get looks the part it'll be fine. This is gonna be known as the new national superweapon! Hahaha..."
Mir sat down impatiently right in front of the crown prince. "I don't understand how you are such a fool when we were both raised under the same mother's milk!"
"How dare you! I have nothing but respect for Lady Mi serving as my wet nurse. And it's only because of the virtues she instilled in me that I am able to put up with your—"
"Give the title of Minister of Imperial Banquets to someone who cares. I'm going home."
The crown prince said nothing.
"How about Weiyang?" Mir chewed his food and acted nonchalant.
"Oh, for the meritous act of retrieving the swords, she was promoted to Secretary of Ceremonies. She was not implicated in the evil plot by her father, the Imperial Grand Minister. The Minister of Ceremonies and the Grand Secretary both testified. I will see her every need is met."
Something sounded odd about that.
But that was fine.
She was gone, and his eye was restored. But to this day there was still a dull ache, like the phantom pain of a missing limb.
Vol. 6[]
Mir once again chanted the forgotten spell. The maiden was reunited with him again. "So, this is what you truly look like.""The world is beyond repair. It shall be born anew from the ashes of the last." The mad Celestial Emperor sentenced all living things of the world to a hard punishment."But you, you would understand me, wouldn't you?" The nameless thief who stole the national treasure said this to his lord."No. No apologies necessary, for you are benevolent."
—Nothingness—
"Oh my daughter, the one in whom all my hopes are placed! Did I not bring you into existence that you might one day pierce me with a halberd?" Awakened at last, the God King floated in the heavens to the claps of thunder and the dancing of the wind, rejoicing at his return.
But she was no longer afraid. This was the moment she had been waiting for her entire life, the moment she had been made for all those eons ago.
No — that was not it. The true source of her courage was the time she had spent with him.
The first Divine Halberd, Irmin, once pierced the Axis Mundi and connected the nine worlds. Now, its replicas had proliferated across the heavens.
Fearing the madness that would ensue following his death, the God King made one final Divine Halberd, and named it the Prinzessin der Verurteilung. In this moment, it — nay, she — could finally unleash her true self.
A commentary from the editor appears at the end of the book:
Legend of the Shattered Halberd was a successful first attempt by Inazuma's Yae Publishing House to incorporate elements of Liyue culture in one of their novels. The first five volumes were wildly successful, becoming something of a cultural phenomenon in both Inazuma and Liyue. Commercially, the fact that a sixth volume exists at all speaks to its success.
I trust that the abrupt finale to this epic saga brought by volume six will not be to our readers' displeasure.
I hope.
Though the ending reads like a different story entirely, I must stress that this did not arise from any attempt on our part to pressurize Mr. Nine, the author, into developing material for a new series. The truth is that in his rush to meet the publishing schedule, Mr. Nine ended up diverging somewhat from his usual style. Mr. Nine simply wished to challenge himself as a writer. ♡
Naturally, we are sympathetic to the fans of the original First Five volumes. In this spirit, we would like to announce that a special First Five collector's edition, the Blackwood Box Set, is currently in the making. Those who have grown up reading Legend of the Shattered Halberd in bookstores: this is the time to finally buy it for yourself! Also, expect to hear more tales of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung in the future.
Chief Editor, Yae Publishing House
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishLegend of the Shattered Halberd—Chinese(Simplified)神霄折戟录Shénxiāo Zhéjǐ-lùShenxiao Broken Halberd Records[• 1]Chinese(Traditional)神霄折戟錄Shénxiāo Zhéjǐ-lùJapanese神霄折戟録Shinshou Setsugeki-roku[1]Shenxiao Broken Halberd Records‍[※][※]Sino-Japanese reading of Chinese nameKorean신소절극록신소절극록神霄折戟錄Sinso Jeolgeung-nokShenxiao Broken Halberd Records‍[※][※]Sino-Korean reading of Chinese nameSpanishLa leyenda de la alabarda fragmentadaThe Legend of the Fragmented HalberdFrenchLe Bris de l'arme divineThe Breakage of the Divine WeaponRussianЛегенда о разбитой алебардеLegenda o razbitoy alebardeLegend of the Shattered HalberdThaiตำนานง้าวที่แตกสลายTamnan ngao thi taek salaiLegend of the Shattered HalberdVietnameseThần Tiêu Trảm Kích LụcThần Tiêu Trảm Kích Lục神霄斬戟録GermanLegende der zerbrochenen HellebardeLegend of the Shattered HalberdIndonesianLegenda Tombak DewaLegend of the God SpearPortugueseA Queda de ShenxiaoTurkishParçalanmış Baltalı Mızrak EfsanesiThe Shattered Halberd's LegendItalianLeggenda dell'alabarda distrutta
↑ Chinese: In Vol. 1 of the book, Shenxiao (Chinese: 神霄 Shénxiāo) is said to be the realm "where the gods reside." In Daoism, the sky has a total of nine layers (九霄 "Nine Skies"), where Shenxiao (Chinese: 神霄 "God's Sky") is the highest layer where the gods reside. A broken halberd (Chinese: 折戟 zhéjǐ, lit. "snapped halberd") is a phrase which is used to describe a catastrophic defeat.
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
Legend of the Shattered Halberd was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Legend of the Shattered Halberd was released.
References[]
↑ Story Quest, Xingqiu, Fabulae Textile Chapter: Act I - Bookworm Swordsman, Part 1: Justice, for Books' Sake (Japanese Voice-Over)
Heart's Desire
Type
4 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Grand Master's Office in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters
Vol. 2
Grand Master's Office in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters
Vol. 3
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 4
Directly east of the northern waypoint in Liyue Harbor, next to the NPC called Bolai.
Heart's Desire is a Book Collection found in both Mondstadt and Liyue.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Trivia
6 Other Languages
7 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A collection of fantasy stories centered around a mysterious antique shop. It's widely popular around Teyvat.
—Moonlight—
Legend tells of a corner of the city that has been forgotten by the wind.
To reach that place one must stand before the fountain and close their eyes, then wait for thirty-five heartbeats, then walk seven circles clockwise around the fountain followed by seven further circles anticlockwise. Upon opening one's eyes, one will find they have arrived at a little shop...
"Excuse me, is... is anyone there?"
Veiga asked timidly as she stepped through the door.
As the door closed behind her, the bell that hung from it rang out, its crisp and clear sound filling the room and cutting through the dimly lit drudgery.
The dull glow of twilight seeped gently through the frosted glass of the display case windows. Stacks of curious objects filled every part of the room. Veiga made her way through the store cautiously, for fear of stepping on something and breaking it.
There was no answer.
Veiga now began to examine the objects around her more closely: an obscure mechanical component, an ornate ancient lyre, a broken ceramic tile engraved with incomprehensible markings, a pair of old manacles, dented and scratched from years of use, a forgotten crown that once belonged to an aristocrat...
At some point as she was inspecting these objects of no apparent utility, the shopkeeper appeared beside her. The shopkeeper's eyes were like those of a fox, with long slender pupils at their center.
"That fang once belonged to a wolf king. Aside from the gods, it is probably the only thing left that remembers that land the way it used to be... every inch of it covered in ice and snow."
She spoke softly,
"Welcome to the store. Do you see anything that takes your fancy?"
"Do you have anything here that can help someone... to forget?"
"Why, certainly."
Veiga clutched her chest as she pursued the question further.
"... To forget anything? Even... someone very important?"
The fox-eyed shopkeeper's expression turned stern, and she nodded as she continued:
"I know that the one you wish to forget is a young man with limpid eyes as clear as moonlight. He disappeared a long time ago, and left a deep hole in your heart. Nothing else can fill that hole... all other blessings, no matter how joyful they may be, feel elusive and out of your reach... just like the moonlight before your eyes."
Veiga was stunned into silence. All she could do was nod along. The fox-eyed shopkeeper smiled and, seemingly out of nowhere, presented a bottle of wine.
"This wine will help you forget your pain."
"Long time ago in the age when the icy winds blew, our forebears brewed this wine in secret, deep within the frozen earth, to give them the strength to keep surviving. The method they used to brew this kind of wine was forgotten when the people's fate took a turn for the better, and their lives became more joyful."
She tilted the wine bottle back and forth.
"There is not much left. And since it seems you have an affinity with this store, this one is for free. Provided, of course, that this is what you really want..."
Veiga took the goblet of wine from the fox-eyes shopkeeper's hand.
The goblet must have once been adorned with a precious gemstone. But it had since been removed, and now the only clue to its existence was the empty, lonely indentation it had left behind...
When Veiga regained consciousness she was stood in front of the fountain.
"Hmm? What am I doing here?" She wondered to herself. As the moon shone down brightly, she began briskly walking back home. The glow of twilight had all but disappeared now, and if she didn't get back soon...
She had forgotten all about the strange store, from the route that had taken her there to everything that had happened inside.
"She's gone."
The fox-eyed shopkeeper said, after the door had shut and the bell had stopped ringing.
A young man, one with limpid eyes as bright as moonlight, stepped into view from the back of the store.
"Thank you."
"How many times has she visited now?"
"Six... No, seven. Seven times." The young man hesitated for a moment, and then asked, "Does the wine really work? It's not that I don't trust you, it's just—"
The shopkeeper smiled, though the meaning of her smile was ambiguous.
"This wine causes those who drink it to forget their pain. But your shared history is not a painful thing for her. All this wine can do is to help her temporarily forget her longing for you, and the grief of losing you..."
"Whenever she sees the moonlight, she will see you reflected in it, and the memories will start coming back... the time you met at Ludi Harpastum, the afternoon spent beneath the tree at Windrise, the view from Cape Oath, the time you sneaked out of the midsummer celebrations together, hand in hand, the song and the feathered cape you offered to her at the assembly of traveling bards... All of these are memories she will be reluctant to part with."
"... I do have another bottle of wine in my shop, one that can make someone truly forget everything. If you wish... I could give her that drink, instead?"
She smiled slightly as she watched the young man. After a long silence, he let out a sigh.
"Tell me — why do you insist on leaving her?"
"Ah, well... it's this. This is the reason."
The young man reached into his breast pocket and took out a spherical object made of crystal. Unknown symbols could be discerned faintly flickering inside it.
"I am led to believe that people who receive one of these will one day disappear from this world."
"If that is so, then the earlier I leave, the better. She is still young... if she forgets me now, then she will still have time."
"Well, well, well..." sneered the shopkeeper. "So. You are one of the chosen."
"It would appear so. Do you... know anything about what happens to the chosen in the end?"
The young man asked eagerly.
She forced a smile, but did not reply.
"I should be leaving. Now I am the owner of this thing, I suppose I should get on with doing the things that are expected of me."
"And if she returns? What would you have me do?"
"I think... I think we should leave her to handle it on her own."
"What a heartless man you are."
Vol. 2[]
A collection of fantasy stories centered around a mysterious antique shop. It's widely popular around Teyvat.
—Glaze—
Legend tells of a corner of the harbor that has been forgotten by the mountain rocks and the sound of the crashing waves.
To reach that place one must stand in the sea breeze and close their eyes, walk forty-nine steps away from the clamor of the crowds, then wait till the sound of one's own heartbeat drowns out the voices in the background. Upon opening one's eyes, one will find they have arrived at a little shop...
"Hello? Anyone in?" Yu'an called out.
He tried the door, and let himself in. The bell continued to ring after the door had closed and as he made his way further inside.
The faint sound of crashing waves seeped into the store, like a distant memory. Piles of seemingly random artifacts were stacked all the way through from where he stood to the other end of the long and narrow shop. Yu'an looked apprehensively at the range of items throughout the store, somewhat intimidated by the thought of his silken robes being covered in dust that was potentially even older than he.
Old lanterns made of now-yellowing paper, a giant fang from some unknown monster, brilliant black aerosiderite from the depths of space, a dull gold-colored geometric object built with a mortise and tenon crafted from an unknown material...
As he picked up a small bottle filled with a fine white crystalline powder, he heard a soft voice coming from someone who was now stood next to him.
"This is salt formed from the residue of an ancient archon's tears—"
The voice caught him off guard, breaking the long silence like a stone disrupts the surface of a pool of still water. Startled, he dropped the bottle he held in his hand.
But the sound of smashing glass his ears were anticipating never came. The shopkeeper, who had fox-like eyes with slender lines for pupils, had somehow caught the bottle and returned it to its place on the shelf.
"I'm, er... Huh, I can't remember who it was, but... someone recommended this place to me."
She gave a slight nod that acknowledged she had heard him, but was ambiguous as to what she thought about it.
"Welcome to the store. Do you see anything that takes your fancy?"
"I'm looking for a gift for... she's a girl I like."
"I've been thinking of proposing to her, and I'd like to have a gift to go with it."
Yu'an nervously bit his lower lip as he looked up to face the shopkeeper directly. She had mysterious golden eyes that reminded him of Cor Lapis.
They looked at each other for a long time in silence. Finally, she spoke: "Very well."
Her slender figure disappeared back into the depths of the store.
When she returned, she held in her hand an object that gave off a faint iridescent glow. On closer inspection, it revealed to be an exquisitely cut ten-sided illuminating crystal.
"I trust you will have heard the legend of the crystal heart?"
He hadn't. But he nodded anyway.
"It is made from a variety of crystal called illuminating crystal. Man-made versions exist, but they are pale imitations. True illuminating crystal is capable of revealing the secrets of one's heart, for it is formed from the unfulfilled desire and grief of illuminated beasts of the highest order when they reach the end of their life. Please, take a look..."
She gestured to Yu'an that they should both watch the faintly flashing images emerging from within the crystal.
Tens of thousands of years flashed by before his eyes. Like the continuous shifting of the clouds, stars turned to water and water turned to land. Snow melted and gave way to green pastures. Rivers cut their way through the open country. He watched cities rise like ants' nests and kingdoms topple like toy building blocks...
...The twilight grew dim. Moonlight zigzagged its way across the uneven surface of the ocean. When Yu'an regained consciousness, he found himself walking by the docks.
The crystal he held tightly in his hand had become warm, as if blood pulsed through it.
"This is a wondrous crystal heart indeed," he thought to himself, increasing his pace as he walked on under the moonlight. "All I need to do is give this to her... Once that's done, then I can... I must..."
The bell that hung from the door rang out, crisp and clear.
"Welcome to the store. Do you see anything that takes your fancy?"
"I'd like to exchange this — well, I don't know if it counts as a gemstone, or..."
The finely cut crystal sparkled brightly, scattering rays of light throughout the room.
"It was given to me by a man who's been pursuing me. He said that if we looked into it together, we would see many marvelous things."
"But somehow I just find it makes me feel uncomfortable. It's a beautiful gem, of course, I just... each time I think of him, I get so exasperated. So I wondered if this store would be willing to take it off my hands."
"I understand. But this is a highly prized ten-sided illuminating crystal. For what quantity of Mora would you be willing to part with it?"
"Actually, I do not want for money. But let me see... what's this — it looks like salt? It's about time I went to Sal Terrae to pay my respects again. If it's okay with you, this is all I need in return for the gem."
The fox-eyed shopkeeper sat alone at the back of the shop, turning the geometrically flawless crystal in her hand.
"In you, I have seen unpleasant things. That fellow's true nature, it is unbelievable... it is upsetting."
"That said, when it comes down to it he is but a lowlife opportunist who wishes to marry into a wealthy and prestigious family in the salt industry, and will do whatever is necessary to achieve his wish. Had this not come to light, it is entirely possible that they may still have enjoyed a happy life together, despite it not being born out of genuine mutual affection. After all, happiness is but a state of mind - it is not related to love."
She took a dainty sip of wine, and smiled mockingly at the thought of her own vanity.
"But the fact is, I simply have zero tolerance for people like that."
"On the other hand, it is delightfully straightforward opening up to a complete stranger. I know that once he sets foot outside that door, we never have to meet one another again - so what does it matter if I reveal a little truth to him? Perversely, the closer two people become, the more one seeks to gain, and so you must be on your guard. But how could he have known..."
"I'm sorry, this has all been quite the imposition on you. But it is truly wonderful to have this back." She lowered her gaze and continued, "This is, after all, your heart that you have left behind. I will be sure to treasure it... But don't you think it's fun? Taking a trip down into the world once in a while, seeing what people are like nowadays?"
Vol. 3[]
A collection of fantasy stories centered around a mysterious antique shop. It's widely popular around Teyvat.
—Sapphire—
Legend tells of a corner of the city that has been forgotten by the wind.
To reach that place one must stand in the center of the plaza and close their eyes, walk seven circles clockwise around the plaza followed by seven anticlockwise circles, take forty paces forward and then wait till the cries of the birds can no longer be heards in the wind. Upon opening one's eyes, one will find they have arrived at a little shop...
The shopkeeper, who had fox-like eyes with slender lines for pupils, opened the glass double doors to let in the bright moonlight, which seemed to sweep up the stardust from across the night sky and sprinkle it down upon the counter.
Everything, from the ostentatious flowers, the dust-covered harpastum, and the old books rendered illegible by years of erosion, to the now-stringless old longbow, appeared as the opulent halls of the ruling aristocrats might have done in times of old — covered in a shiny silver coating, though this was a silver that came from the cold light of the night sky.
"Hey. Business any good these days?"
This audacious alternative to the courteous greeting most people would opt for in the circumstances came from somewhere deep in the back of the shop.
The shopkeeper turned around. A familiar customer was sat nonchalantly on her armchair in the part of the shop that the moonlight did not reach.
"Business is fine. But these days, it would appear, I need to watch out for burglars."
The shopkeeper responded with a slight smile.
"That's it? You're going to turn away your oldest customer, just like that?"
The customer let out a sigh, "There's nothing in your shop that's worth me spending money on anyway. I mean, if I really had to pick something..."
"Well? How was the... hunt?"
"What do you mean? You think I'm just here to offload some loot again?"
The "hunter" let out a displeased grunt at the shopkeeper's insinuation. But the shopkeeper continued to smile.
"Why, of course not. When have I ever heard you use the word "loot" before?"
"On the contrary... all the "exchanged goods," "free gifts," "philanthropic donations," "bestowals" and so on that you have so generously given over the years... why, they must make you the most charitably inclined burglar to roam the streets, no?"
"Well, that's not why I'm here this time. This time I am here to ask for something from you... the wine. That special wine you've got that helps you forget about the one you long for."
Though a burglar by trade, this customer was nevertheless valiant at heart. His words lacked courtesy, but the smile on his face was entirely earnest.
"I'm terribly sorry. Somebody has already bought it."
He looked, and somehow, she was now holding in her hand the wine flask that he had discreetly slipped into his breast pocket earlier.
"Each item in this store is spoken for. This particular one has already been bought by a customer who will turn up at some point in the future."
"It seems your sleight of hand is superior to my own. What a disgrace I am..."
The burglar of valor said with a pained smile.
"I discovered recently that the feeling of longing for someone is heavier to carry than gold. In my line of work I am forever leaping between rooftops and running along rafters. I need to cut out whatever... unnecessary weight I can."
"...I wonder if the girl with the sapphire-blue eyes feels the same weight that I feel?"
Suddenly, the shopkeeper was startled by the jingle of the door bell.
The customer who had just arrived was a blue-eyed sorceress with a Pole in her hand and a tall, slender figure to match. The marks on her face bore witness to her persecution by the aristocrats.
Ignoring the piles of random objects strewn around the store, she marched straight to the counter like a sword lunging toward its opponent's heart.
"Welcome to the store. Do you see anything that takes your fancy?"
"I have an item I wish to exchange."
her tone sounded cold but fragile, like thin ice in the moment that it shatters. As the sorceress spoke, she placed a giant blue crystal onto the counter.
"A burglar pried this from an aristocrat's silver goblet. He gave it to me as a gift, and then I was punished by my master for it."
"But that was many years ago. I had thought that with the passage of time my anger would be quenched and my desire to see him again would fade away..."
"Very well. What sum of Mora do you ask for in return?"
The sorceress gestured toward the tableware cabinet, in which stood an aristocrat's silver goblet with its gemstone missing.
The fox-eyed shopkeeper turned the crystal in her hand, flooding the room with the brilliant blue light that reflected off its surface.
"I see. Well, provided that this is what you really want..."
When a person encounters a setback, the worry that everything shall come to a fruitless conclusion appears. The advent of fear causes cracks to appear in the mind.
Death follows easily in the footsteps of fear, like a damp cold that, to the unprepared, pierces to the bone.
For many, it is only in the moment that death is upon them that it dawns on them that their weakness has now been targets with fatal consequences — and that at some point, therefore, that weakness must have been exposed.
Lifting the blue crystal up into the moonlight, the shopkeeper gazed at it intently with her fox-like eyes with slender lines for pupils. She watched with delight as the crest of the ruling family came into view, faded out, and came back into view once more.
Legends claim that peering into a pure gemstone at a specific time can reveal the past, the future, and even someone's true nature. Just as legends claim that somewhere in the world, there is a field of dandelions as vast as the sea. Or that once there were three bright moons in the night sky named Aria, Sonnet and Canon, sisters who were parted by death in a great catastrophe. Or that there was once a witch who could see death before it took place, but in the end herself died from the broken heart, as he who had stolen it from her waited in distant lands longing to see her again.
One thing she knew for certain was that even if she were to abandon these objects, the legends attached to them would not disappear, and the way the stories ended could not be undone. In which case, it seemed to make sense to collect all the legends and stories she could in her shop.
Vol. 4[]
A collection of fantasy stories centered around a mysterious antique shop. It's widely popular around Teyvat.
—Heart of Stone—
Legend tells of a corner of the harbor that has been forgotten by the mountain rocks and the sound of the crashing waves.
To reach that place one must stand in the sea breeze and close their eyes, walk forty-nine steps away from the clamor of the city streets, then wait until complete silence replaces the sounds of the voices in the background, the only remaining sound being that of one's own heartbeat. Upon opening one's eyes, one will find they arrived at a little shop...
"Is anybody in?" The man tapped on the front door as he called out. He was draped in a raincoat.
He peered in through the dusty windows at the objects on display around the store — a bottle of glimmering stardust, a broken blade that gleamed like ice, a painting on a roll of paper that the years had turned yellow, an elixir that gave off a mysterious aurora, a tile thinly coated with gel-like substance...
He entered the store. The door closed behind him.
He walked over to the counter and began inspecting the weird and wonderful objects in the store. All seemed to be relics of a bygone era. Then, a soft female voice came from beside him.
"Welcome to the store. Do you see anything that takes your fancy?"
Taken by surprise, he turned to face the speaker, a fox-eyed shopkeeper, who let out a faint smile.
"Here's the thing... I'm looking for a certain something that can help me settle and old score."
The man spoke with a voice that was clear and resonant, but that had a hint of apprehensiveness about it — one which did not seem to fit with his physical appearance.
"Oh? Very well then."
The shopkeeper's golden fox-like eyes flickered as she examined this new customer of hers who was draped in a soaking-wet raincoat. She gave a nod.
She leaned down to search in the bottom of the cabinet. When she stood up a moment later, she was holding a large and beautiful piece of Cor Lapis.
The Cor Lapis in the shopkeeper's hand gently glowed a dark shade of gold, much in the same way that her eyes did.
The man took the stone from her hand and studied it closely in the moonlight. In this light, the Cor Lapis seemed to reveal a deep turbulence concealed within its soft golden hue.
His hands were still trembling.
"Cor Lapis is the soul of the rocks. Even the hardest and most resilient of rocks will, over time, eventually produce a pure, limpid sould."
The shopkeeper's voice seemed to be coming from a distant place.
The man gave a nod.
"This is precisely what I was looking for."
The man solemnly responded, and placed a heavy sack of Mora upon the counter. Then, he left the store and ventured off into the midnight rain.
"That's what happened."
After the shopkeeper had spoken, she narrowed her fox-like eyes and examined the customer in front of her.
"Did he say nothing else at all?
Judging by his appearance, the young man was presumably a miner. His eyes betrayed an urgency that he could not contain. But the shopkeeper responded simply by calmly shaking her head.
"He left a sack of Mora with blood stains on the outside."
Like a pool of water, the shopkeeper's voice was calm and still, but also icy cold.
"That is precisely what I was looking for."
The young man let out a long sigh. It seemed he wanted to evade the golden gaze of the fox-eyed shopkeeper.
"In return, I will give you a story."
The shopkeeper nodded her head to indicate that he should continue.
"That man in the raincoat... I used to go mining with him, up in the mountains. I wanted to make a name for myself. He just wanted to support his family..."
"One rainy night we broke open a rock to find that substantial piece of Cor Lapis inside. The pure golden glow that radiated from its surface was a more breathtaking sight to behold than all the marvels of Jueyun Krast put together..."
"We agreed that we would split it fifty-fifty once we got back to Liyue Harbor. But that night, under cover of the deafening roar of the torrential rain... I discreetly made it so that that clifftop would be his final resting place..."
"I did it because I was scared I couldn't trust him... I couldn't trust in a promise that, aside from ourselves, only the adepti could have heard — and they're probably imaginary anyway."
"So... Fear won me over. I could bring myself to accept that the whole sum could be mine if I was willing to get blood on my hands, but I couldn't bring myself to accept the risk of traveling with a stranger..."
"The following morning, I let down my rope and began my descent down the cliff. I had taken maybe four steps, five or six perhaps, and I was adjusting my footing on a rock when suddenly, I felt the rope trembling in the palms of my hands... Instantly that same trembling permeated every fiber of my being..."
"I lifted my head to look at the rope, but it was too late..."
"The last thing I remember seeing was the rope fibers at the end of the snapped rope."
"Only a hunting knife could have made a clean cut like that. I am sure of it."
"Then, in the end, you two settled your score."
The fox-eyed shopkeeper smiled so faintly it was all but indiscernible.
"He takes the Cor Lapis, and you take the whole sum of money for it."
The young man did not say much in reply.
Legends claim that Cor Lapis is the soul of the rocks of the earth, and that the stronger the life force of the rock the more power it possesses to reveal a person's true nature.
Some say that even after its owner has left the world, Cor Lapis will bring their unfulfilled desire and regret back into it, waiting for one with the ability to fulfill them.
So the legends claim.
It had now been around four hours since the two strange customers had left the store. The rain continued to pour down. The shopkeeper stood by the window for a long time, peering out at the dark street engulfed in misty rain.
"But... Is the score truly settled? Are are they now truly free?"
She spoke as if posing her question to the curtain of rain, but knowing that the answer would never come.
Trivia[]
The book's cover says HEARTS DESIRE in the Teyvat Language.
In Vol. 2, the crystal heart (Chinese: 琉璃心) mentioned is also brought up in Developer Insight #4: Character Stories (I) - "Vigilant Yaksha" Xiao, in regards to one of Xiao's character inspirations, the Vedic deity Garuda. It is currently unclear whether Xiao's original illuminated beast form, which has not yet been seen in-game but was alluded to in the Developer Insight, has any relation to the tale in this volume.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishHeart's Desire—Chinese(Simplified)碎梦奇珍Suì Mèng Qí ZhēnChinese(Traditional)碎夢奇珍Suì Mèng Qí ZhēnJapanese砕夢奇珍Saimukichin‍[!][!]Assumed readingBroken Dreams Strangeness‍[※][※]Sino-Japanese reading of Chinese nameKorean쇄몽기진SwaemonggijinBroken Dream's Strange TreasuresSpanishSueños rotosBroken DreamsFrenchRêves brisésBroken DreamsRussianРазбитые мечтыRazbityye mechtyBroken DreamsThaiความฝันที่แตกสลายKhwamfan thi taek salaiBroken DreamsVietnameseGiấc Mơ Tan VỡBroken DreamsGermanZerstörte TräumeShattered DreamsIndonesianPecahan ImpianDream ShardsPortugueseSonhos DespedaçadosTurkishKalbin ArzusuHeart's DesireItalianSogni infranti
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
Heart's Desire was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Heart's Desire was released.
Hex & Hound
Type
11 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 2
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 3
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 4
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 5
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 6
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 7
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 8
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 9
Mondstadt Library
Vol. 10
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Vol. 11
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Hex & Hound is a Book Collection found throughout Mondstadt's Library and bought from the Yae Publishing House.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Vol. 7
8 Vol. 8
9 Vol. 9
10 Vol. 10
11 Vol. 11
12 Trivia
12.1 Etymology
13 Other Languages
14 Change History
Vol. 1[]
Sometimes, feelings are like the summer rain, coming out of nowhere and catching you unprepared. A nostalgic summer story set in the age of aristocrats begins right here.
As is known to all, the Lawrence clan is a noble family of considerable notoriety.
The nobles idle away their time, extorting the common folk to furnish their lavish lifestyles.
They lead licentious lives. Under their cruel governance, countless unspeakable crimes are committed against the people.
Although the common folk unanimously resent the nobles' greed, they are powerless to speak a single word against them.
Young Dietrich was a highborn noble.
He hadn't yet committed any deplorable crimes at his tender age. In fact, his swordsmanship was reputedly exceptional among the noble circles.
If you wished to find something to cavil about, it would have been his short temper and chronic delusion that the whole universe revolved around him. Such traits, of course, are not uncommon among the sons of nobility, so it wasn't of any major concern.
However, given that he was born into the Lawrence family name, it was only a matter of time before he would get drafted into the ranks of the other scoundrels.
It was at this time that the young scoundrel decided upon the first reckless act of his life.
A short while earlier, Dietrich had made up his mind to skip Tutor Damo's discourse on the elements in favor of a bit of fun outside the confines of the city. As he pressed his way through the streets crowded with commoners, his gaze fell upon a young lass with blonde hair and blue eyes.
Dietrich was at a loss for words for the emotions that bubbled in his heart at that moment. The only thing he was certain of was that his heart had never thumped so loudly, or so uncontrollably, within his chest.
"So this must be how dear Mother feels when she sees her kitty."
As Dietrich kept thinking in his heart, he suddenly found himself moving towards where she was standing.
Much to his dismay, the young commoner girl didn't so much as bat an eyelid at him. After making his identity known to her, she didn't display even the slightest sign of any interest.
Convinced that this commoner didn't understand what was good for her, he decided that he would carry her off under the cover of night.
"Once I take her, I'll lock her away in a cage, just like dear Mother would when her kitty is being naughty."
Vol. 2[]
Money doesn't solve all your problems, but it can certainly solve a lot of them! A young woman's summer vacation in Mondstadt opens to the melodic tune of a symphonic sum of Mora.
The plebian lass arrived in the city on one fine sunny day. Her long golden hair shone like the spring sunshine, and her blue eyes sparkled like the gleaming waves in the afternoon sun. It's hard to imagine how such a girl could travel alone from the monster infested outskirts all the way to the city.
"To call her suspect would only be an insult to her beauty!"
Thus shouted the drunken gate sentry among the crowded tavern. His earnings from guarding the gate that day were especially bountiful, enough to keep his cup brimming until dawn at least.
"We all know you were just dumbstruck by her beauty!"
The man next to him pulled no punches.
"Hah, what do you know! Do I look like one to go frolicking after ladies? I'll show you what I really have my eye on!"
The soldier promptly pulled out his money purse and shook it in his hand.
"Good heavens! Today, drinks are on you!"
"You heard the man, drinks all around! I'm just worried that one more will be too many for ya!"
So this traveling scholar who went by the name of Nottie settled into her newfound life in the city.
Nottie spoke in a quiet, gentle manner. A rumor eventually began floating around the streets claiming that if you exchanged a few words with Nottie during the day, you would have sweet dreams the following night.
Apart from this, the new girl didn't disturb the lives if those in the city in any manner. After all, the people not only had their daily lives to deal with, but also the constant oppression from the nobility.
"Oh, I thought life in the city would be simple. I never imagined it would be like this..."
As rays of sunset filled her room, she tilted her head and rested it on her hands. Sitting beside the table, her fingers seemed to be circling around something. Her words flowed like a magical chant with the power to persuade people into believing almost anything.
Vol. 3[]
Even when you live in a safe city, you should watch out for the wolves that lurk in the night... Something more impossible to master than mass hypnosis is revealed within these pages.
Night came.
The faint howl of a wild beast could be heard echoing in the distance. It seemed to be the cry of a wolf.Nottie sat on her bed and lifted her long sleeves to reveal a bone-white armband carved in the fashion of a coiling snake.
The serpent's head was strikingly lifelike with its mouth stretched open to reveal its fangs. Its neck was reared back as if ready to pounce on its prey the very next moment.
The snake's slithering body was wrapped around her arm, emitting a dangerous aura under the rays of the magical lamps that lit the room.
"Goodnight, my dear sister."
Nottie gently petted the armband, rubbing her pinkie playfully along the snake's tail.
Shortly after, the magic lamps went out and the entire room was draped in darkness.
The darkness of night brought Nottie boundless power.
So Nottie was already wise to the unknown presence the moment it entered the room.
Sitting on the bed, Nottie could clearly see Dietrich as he quietly gathered her clothes and felt his way around in the dark.
It became harder and harder for Nottie to hold back her laughter, until Dietrich was just in front of her.
Dietrich met the same dazzling eyes that occupied his mind all day.
But her eyes were somehow different now. They were no longer blue like water as Dietrich had seen that day. At this moment, they were filled with the night, devoid of waves, tranquil like the depths of the sea.
"Here, drink the water in this cup."
That was the last thing Dietrich heard before his consciousness faded away.
Vol. 4[]
Even a dog can learn basic things like upper-class etiquette — or so insists a certain no-nonsense teacher from afar.
The cup fell from his languid hand as Dietrich collapsed to the floor.
Nottie crouched beside Dietrich and relieved him of the saber sheathed upon his waist.
She stroked the hilt of the blade for a moment before pulling back her hand, and a black gemstone that had been inlaid in the hilt fell into her palm.
"How convenient... You brought the Eye of Eternal Night right to me. Thank you."
Removing the snake armband as she spoke, she placed the black gemstone in the mouth of the snake.
Scales and flesh began to quickly ripple from the snake's head down its body. A small black snake uncoiled in Nottie's hands, slithering off her palm and falling to the floor. The snake began to enlarge, forming into a massive python with red eyes and black scales, its twisting body almost filled the whole room.
Nottie extended her hand as the magical lamps illuminated the room, the python began to shrink down again and coiled back around her arm.
"Hmm? Are you hiding?"
Nottie turned her gaze to beneath the bed.
Under which she found...
A dog.
It was trembling uncontrollably, probably frightened by the python a moment before.
"Oh, what a pity. I wanted to turn you into a wolf, but it seems you turned into a dog instead!"
Although Nottie's words seemed to be apologizing, her voice lacked any hint of remorse.
Dietrich still hadn't realized what happened yet. It was only by pure instinct that he had scurried under the bed.
Only then did he begin to come to his senses. He tried to say something after hearing Nottie's words, but no matter how hard he tried, only "woof woof woof" would come out.
After hearing himself, Dietrich panicked and dashed out from under the bed.
No matter how many times Dietrich leaped in front of the mirror, or how many times he howled in disbelief, the reflection of a striking young noble never appeared again.
Dietrich then turned with a snarl and leaped towards Nottie. Without even being the least bit startled, she simply glanced at him with folded arms. Suddenly Dietrich could no longer move toward her, no matter how hard he tried.
"That's not the proper etiquette for addressing a lady. Hmm... It seems you need to be trained!"
Vol. 5[]
"Be a good dog! Yes, there's no reward for getting it right, but there's still a punishment for getting it wrong!" The witch in black makeup smirked.
"Allow me to introduce myself again. I am Nottfriga, but perhaps you're more familiar with my nickname. People call me the Enchantress of the Night."
As she spoke, her long golden hair began to gradually darken, eventually turning black as the night sky outside the window.Her once sky-blue eyes were now pitch-black, ushering in the darkness of night.
"I am your master now. Of course, I will need to train you well."
Nottfriga knelt down and placed a necklace that seemingly appeared out of nowhere on the still struggling Dietrich. The necklace shrank in size until it fit perfectly around his furry neck. No matter how he thrashed head about or clawed at it, the necklace would not budge.
"Tsk. We've already wasted so much time. Come, we're leaving."
With that, Nottfriga set off towards the city. Dietrich whimpered along the way with all the strength he could muster, wishing he could simply run back to his villa. But he couldn't, no matter how hard he tried. The necklace Nottfriga had placed on him seemed to control him, so he had no choice but to follow behind her.
Nottfriga glanced back at the reluctant Dietrich dawdling behind her, and curled a strand of hair around her finger.
"Although it is certainly amusing to watch you struggle in your current state, you are much too noisy. So unless you'd like a taste of my new Silence of the Night spell, you'd better keep your yapping mouth shut."
The whole world seemed to fall into silence at that moment. Intuition told Dietrich that it'd be best not to become the latest test subject for Nottfriga's new spell.
Vol. 6[]
Sometimes, feelings are like the summer rain, coming out of nowhere and catching you unprepared. A nostalgic summer story set in the age of aristocrats begins right here.
Dietrich witnessed the fall of the house of Lawrence.
Who knew where Mother's kitty had gone. His father, driven to distraction, and his mother, hysterical, were so close by, and yet no matter how he shouted, they did not pay him any heed.
"Arf..."
Dietrich lowered his head, but before he could speak again, the ground opened up beneath him. A pair of old crone's hands stretched out from the ground, seizing him by the neck. Then he fell, and his fall seemed not to end, till at last he crashed to earth at the feet of the old witch.
Strangely, it hurt not at all.
Something hooked onto Dietrich's necklace, and he found himself hoisted up bodily. All before him was darkness, and he could only see one thing — that which was below him. It was a steaming pot, filled with some unknown black substance that gurgled and belched. There were some solids in there, too, and when he looked, he could espy spiderwebs and the bones of venomous vipers...
Into his ear crept Nottfriga's voice: "Ah, I have you now, my last ingredient. Once I've put you in, my stew of life eternal shall be complete. Hahaha!"
"Woof! Woof! Woof!" Let me go, you dastardly witch!
Dietrich struggled with all his might, not thinking for a moment that the bond of the hitherto inescapable necklace would suddenly be so easily slipped—
"Ar—"
And so he fell...
He heard nothing more, naught else but the howling wind and Nottfriga's crazed laughter whipping about his ears.
Vol. 7[]
Sometimes, feelings are like the summer rain, coming out of nowhere and catching you unprepared. A nostalgic summer story set in the age of aristocrats begins right here.
"Wake up—"
Dietrich felt his body being rocked gently.
"Are you alright?"
A hand reached over as if to check his breathing.
It was a familiar voice...
Gentle as the April breeze, and genial as the March sun.
Dietrich forced his eyes open, and before them—
Was the golden-haired, blue-eyed girl.
"Ah, wonderful, you're finally awake," she said with a smile.
"This place...Is this... Celestia?" Dietrich wondered.
"No, I'm afraid it's just an ordinary forest," the girl replied.
Then Dietrich's senses returned to him, and he knew then the young lady before him was the source of all his troubles — the wicked old witch, Nottfriga! In a flash, he had recovered, and leaping a distance away from her he maintained a guarded stance.
"Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you. Ah, I must've forgotten to introduce myself. My name is Magdalene. I'm, well, Nottfriga's younger sister." So saying, Magdalene gave the finger behind her back a twirl — a calming spell of light magic, and she approached Dietrich.
"Come now, it's alright."
At this did Dietrich indeed calm down. He desired to ask the girl before him how she could understand him — but he could still do naught but bark.
"Oh, this? It is but a small spell. My sister knows it too."
"Woof, woof, woof!?" So that crone did hear what I said, and simply pretended not to so she might string me along!?
"Well... Still, Nottfriga is actually a gentle person." And speaking of her sister, Magdalene smiled gorgeously once more.
Vol. 8[]
Sometimes, feelings are like the summer rain, coming out of nowhere and catching you unprepared. A nostalgic summer story set in the age of aristocrats begins right here.
"Do witches trade their brains for mighty magic? I can't get through to her at all..."
Dietrich thought to himself as he followed the golden-haired maiden, who rambled on about something or another.
"Ah, don't say that! If my sister heard you, she would be most angry." Magdalene said this in a quiet voice as she looked at Dietrich.
"Woof, woof, woof, woof?" Well, you needn't tell her, do you... Wait, how did you know what I was thinking?
"Ah... But. It. Is. Too. Late. Now."
Dietrich lifted his head in alarm at the rising pressure above him—
Her expression had not changed at all...
But even so...
He knew that the girl before him was now changed.
"It seems that your nightmare has been of some use — for your memory, at least. But as I see it, you are still far from adequate." That proud, cold voice from on high — yes, surely this was Nottfriga.
"well then, I suppose I shall leave the Essence of the Inmost Heart inside you."
What on earth was the "Essence of the Inmost Heart"...
Wait, no. Magdalene had mentioned just such a thing.
"Don't worry! The nightmare from before was a falsehood. My sister placed the Essence of the Inmost Heart into you, and it can see your fears. That is why you dreamed of the things you fear most."
"But I think that my sister must've done it for your good. She is, after all, a most gentle soul."
Dietrich's fur stood on end, and he trembled as he peeked at Nottfriga, banishing any other thoughts from his mind.
"Hah, it seems that my teachings have been quite useful indeed. Well then, let us be on our way." Dietrich's frightened appearance pleased his master, the witch.
Vol. 9[]
"What does the death of a warm spring day feel like?" So the young maiden said one morning, in defiance of all common logic. "I suppose it must feel... furry?"
At this moment, Magdalene was clutching a dog — indeed, this was Dietrich — as she kept up a leisurely pace. The golden-haired maiden traipsed upon the gnarled roots of massive trees like an elegant swan, lithely making her way through the woods.
"How fortunate that she is currently Magdalene. If it were that hag Nottfriga, she would certainly make me walk or use some sort of magic to force me to run. This path is not made for dogs — no, not even humans could traverse it. There isn't even a road, only trees... Ah, it would be nice if Magdalene could keep carrying me like this..." Dietrich's thoughts meandered as he turned to look at Magdalene.
The morning light danced upon her face. She possessed a beauty that could not be considered lesser than any noblewoman's. Her light complexion and gentle expression made her seem delicate, like the short-lived morning dew born upon on flower petals."Magdalene's skin is so fair... I daresay none of the nobles I've met can compare to her," Dietrich thought as he gazed upon the girl.
"Let me tell you a story. That is, I'm already dead," Magdalene suddenly spoke.
Vol. 10[]
After all, none can live and still obtain release.
A long time ago, there was a witch who gave birth to twin daughters.
However, witches are unable to keep two offspring from the same generation. That is the price they pay, the cost of their enormous power.
But this witch had already reached the apex of mastery in dark magic. She offered her own life force to preserve the life of her twins.
Still, this solution could not last forever, and as the last of the witch's life force faded, the day of their fated farewell arrived at last.
In death, the witch was finally freed from the world. The surviving elder sister, Nottfriga, inherited everything, and felt entirely responsible for the passing of her younger sister, Magdalene.
Luckily for Nottfriga, she inherited the witch's talent for dark magic. Using herself as a vessel, she summoned Magdalene's soul using complicated magical symbols and obscure incantations.
Then, she read all of the leather-bound books in the tower, and combining what she learned with dark magic and alchemy, created a new vessel. However, the ability to place her sister's soul inside the vessel and bring her back to life was not only a forbidden art in light magic, it was also exceptionally difficult — especially for Nottfriga, who knew no light magic whatsoever.
Nevertheless, Nottfriga's insistence on bringing Magdalene back spurred her on, and eventually she found a solution. She transformed the vessel into a serpent bracelet that she wore on her wrist, and set out on an adventure.
"My beloved sister, when this is all over, we will never be apart again..."
Vol. 11[]
"I should just stuff that noisy puppy yapper of yours..." "Woof, woof!" That day, the young maiden gave her loyal dog something precious...
The last ray of light was fading, and darkness was about to engulf the forest. "It's time to switch, my dear elder sister."
Suddenly, Magdalene put down Dietrich, whom she had been holding in her arms. "One last thing, elder sister-I have a present for you. I hope you like it."
With this, light slowly began to shine from her fingers, gradually forming a dazzling ball of light. This was Magdalene's light magic.
"Alright, from now on, you have to be well behaved. Shh, don't say anything."
"What? Why are you being so mysterious... Ugh." Before Dietrich could react, he had quietly muttered something, but his speech was interrupted when he suddenly found a slender hand tightly covering his mouth.
A moment later, the girl — now transformed — hastily stuffed something into his mouth. "What's this..."
It was the hilt of Dietrich's sword.
The sword that once proudly hung from his belt.
Dietrich opened his mouth instinctively to say something.
"Bite down on it if you want to live." Nottfriga raised one hand into the air, and Dietrich felt unable to breathe as the collar around his neck grew tighter and tighter. Powerless to resist, it was all he could do to bite down as instructed.
"Listen carefully. In a moment, you will need to defend yourself with this sword. Even though you're an ignorant and useless spoiled brat, it would still be a lot of trouble for me if you died here." Nottfriga raised Dietrich's head and spoke in a low voice. "After all, I haven't finished teaching you a lesson yet. It would ruin my fun if you died too easily." The witch of the night finished speaking, and retracted her hand to adjust her garments. The collar loosened again, returning to normal tightness. At once, air rushed passed his teeth and in through his nostrils, filling up his lungs again. Dietrich still did not dare relax his jaw's grip on the sword, however, so he had to make do with somewhat impaired breathing.
Before long, the sound of commotion was heard in the distance...
Trivia[]
Etymology[]
Dietrich is a German name meaning "ruler of the people."
Nottfriga is a portmanteau of the names of two Norse goddesses, Nótt and Frigg (alternately spelled Frigga). Nótt is Old Norse for "night," tying into Nottfriga's association with nighttime and darkness.
Magdalene's name is likely derived from Mary Magdalene, who in the Christian gospels was a follower of Jesus and witnessed his death and resurrection. In Eastern Orthodox tradition, Mary Magdalene is associated with red eggs, which are a symbol of new life and Jesus' resurrection; Hex & Hound's Magdalene was resurrected by her sister, Nottfriga.
In the original Chinese equivalent for Essence of the Inmost Heart (Chinese: 心鬼之髓 lit. "Heart Ghost's Essence,") the phrase 心鬼 lit. "Heart Ghost" is likely being used as a shorthand for the Chinese proverb "a suspicious heart will create imaginary ghosts" (Chinese: 疑心生暗鬼).
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishHex & Hound—Chinese(Simplified)犬又二分之一Quǎn Yòu Èr Fēn zhī YīHound and a HalfChinese(Traditional)犬又二分之一Quǎn Yòu Èr Fēn zhī YīJapanese犬と二分の一Inu to Nibun no IchiDog and a HalfKorean개와 2분의 1Gae-wa 2bun-ui 1Dog and Nibunnoichi(1/2)[• 1]SpanishMás que un simple perroMore Than a Simple DogFrenchPlus qu'un chienMore Than a DogRussianВедьма и гончаяVed'ma i gonchayaWitch and HoundThaiเฮ็กซ์ & ฮาวด์[• 2]Hek & haoVietnameseMật Ngữ Của KhuyểnGermanMehr als nur ein HundMore Than Just a DogIndonesianSeparuh SerigalaHalf WolfPortugueseHex & Hound—TurkishBir Köpekten FazlasıMore Than a DogItalianUn cane speciale
↑ Korean: Korean version title is parody of Ranma ½
↑ Thai: Transliteration of the English name
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 2.0
Volumes 10 and 11 were added.
Version 1.5
Volume 9 was added.
Version 1.3
Volumes 6, 7, and 8 were added.
Version 1.1
Hex & Hound was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Hex & Hound was released.
The Pale Princess and the Six Pygmies
Type
7 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Given by Lisa as a reward for completing the domain Find the Stolen Book
Vol. 2
Unknown
Vol. 3
Unknown
Vol. 4
Unknown
Vol. 5
Unknown
Vol. 6
Unknown
Vol. 7
Unknown
The Pale Princess and the Six Pygmies is a Book Collection.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Vol. 7
8 Trivia
9 Other Languages
10 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. This is part one, which tells the story of the Land of Night and the Moonlight Forest.
In the distant past, the Night Mother ruled over the faraway Land of Night. Here, no light touched the earth, nor did a single tree grow, and there was no life here but the horrendous denizens of the dark.
The Night Mother was the source of all sins, and the Land of Night was the embodiment of her evilness. The cruel Night Mother, who had neither heart nor mouth, was always watching the Land of Night, and her punishments were always unexpected. The only thing she could not bear was the occasional ray of moonlight that made it through the clouds. The light that penetrated the walls of darkness always irritated her.
The Moonlight Forest was the only place free from the rule of the Night Mother. Only there could the people bask in the bright moonlight and enjoy the grace it brought to the living. Everyone in the Kingdom of the Moonlight Forest was born with fair skin, light-colored hair, and bright blue eyes. Perhaps the constant lack of sunlight and the nourishment of the moonlight was the reason for their beauty, giving them an appearance different from the abhorrent creatures lurking at the edge of the forest.
Vol. 2[]
A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. This installment tells of the meeting of the Pale Princess and the Light Prince.
Vol. 3[]
A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. This installment tells of the Pale Princess and the Light Prince's decision to save the Moonlight Forest.
Vol. 4[]
A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. Installment four describes the meeting between the Pale Princess, the Light Prince, and the Six Pygmies.
Vol. 5[]
A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. In this installment, the Six Pygmies' sinister scheme starts to unfold.
Vol. 6[]
A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. This installment tells of how the Six Pygmies managed to implement their nefarious plot.
Vol. 7[]
A fairytale story that has been told throughout Teyvat for ages. The final installment brings everything to a conclusion, and includes the Night Mother's prophecy.
Trivia[]
The title "The Pale Princess and the Six Pygmies" is a play on the German fairy tale "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" by the Brothers Grimm.
Vol. 1 of this book series is one of the few books in Genshin Impact that the player is guaranteed to have after completion of a quest. Lisa lends Vol. 1 to the Traveler permanently, registering them as the book's custodian. It is possible that the cutscene (and the entire questline) highlights the importance of this book to the game's overall lore.
During Lost Book, the Abyss Mage Emery mentions that the book contains "a secret," presumably important to the Abyss Order.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Pale Princess and the Six Pygmies—Chinese(Simplified)白之公主与六侏儒Bái zhī Gōngzhǔ yǔ Liù ZhūrúWhite Princess and Six DwarvesChinese(Traditional)白之公主與六侏儒Bái zhī Gōngzhǔ yǔ Liù ZhūrúJapanese白姫と六人の小人Shirahime to Rokujin no KobitoWhite Princess and Six DwarvesKorean하얀 공주와 여섯 난쟁이Hayan Gongju-wa Yeoseot Nanjaeng'iWhite Princess and the Six DwarvesSpanishLa Princesa de las Nieves y los seis enanosThe Princess of the Snows and the Six DwarvesFrenchPrincesse Neige et les Six NainsPrincess SnowSnowHer name and the Six DwarvesRussianСнежная принцесса и шесть карликовSnezhnaya printsessa i shest' karlikovThe Snow Princess and the Six DwarvesThaiเจ้าหญิงหิมะกับคนแคระทั้งหกChaoying hima kap khonkhrae thanghokThe Snow Princess and the Six DwarvesVietnameseCông Chúa Trắng và 6 Chú LùnThe White Princess and 6 DwarvesGermanSchneemädchen und die sechs WinzlingeSnow Maiden and the Six Tiny OnesIndonesianPutri Putih dan Enam KurcaciThe White Princess and the Six DwarvesPortugueseA Branca de Neve e os 6 AnõesTurkishSoluk Prenses ve Altı CücelerPale Princess and the Six DwarvesItalianLa principessa delle nevi e i sei nani
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
The Pale Princess and the Six Pygmies was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
The Pale Princess and the Six Pygmies was released.
Legend of the Lone Sword
Type
4 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Wanwen BookhouseIn front of Verr Goldet at Wangshu Inn
Vol. 2
On a long table behind a vegetable stand in the main plaza of Qingce Village
Vol. 3
On Su Er'niang's food stall in Liyue Harbor
Vol. 4
Sold by Jifang at Wanwen Bookhouse in Liyue Harbor
Legend of the Lone Sword is a Book Collection found in various places throughout Liyue.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Locations
5.1 Vol. 1
5.2 Vol. 2
5.3 Vol. 3
6 Other Languages
7 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A popular martial arts novel in Liyue Harbor. In a world without elemental energy or alchemy, a tale unfolds of love and hate between friends and foes. This volume tells of the origins of Jin the Seventy-Second's revenge.
A single sword's light pierced the night air, unchallenged by any star or moon.
The autumn wind in the mountains wept aloud, following the whirling dance of the lonesome blade.
Driving wind and falling rain accompanied a single traveler on his solitary journey.
This person's hair was wild, and his face fierce, and he seemed most fey indeed. His clothes were thin, and he swayed this way and that in the center of the homeward path like one sick or hurt to the quick, seeming more like some ghoul than a living man.
He had been on the path three days. Three days he had gone hungry, and without any sleep.
Three days ago, he had a name and a famed sword, and his fallen martial arts school. But now, he only wore sorrow and worry on his brow, which rolled off him, carried by the sudden rain, and onto the mud below, eroding the soil.
Three days ago, that nameless swordsman had started a feud with him, a feud that saw his master and junior buried in the merciless mountain snow as the screaming snow was stained red.
Today, he had a new name — Jin the Seventy-Second.
For he was the last of the 72 members of their school.
He did not know how long he had walked before he heard the sound of carts behind him.
Jin the Seventy-Second shuffled to the side of the road and stopped, asking: "Is your cart headed for Tupi Village?"
The cart driver saluted him and replied: "Few of the carts on this road do not do so."
Jin the Seventy-Second then asked: "Then pray will your cart bear another man?"
The cart driver said: "It could, but you did not ask if I would."
Jin the Seventy-Second did not understand. "If you travel to Tupi Village, why would you not take me?"
"For you are not I, nor I, you," the driver replied.
"What a waste of words."
And no sooner had that been said than the blade left its sheath. The cart driver felt but a single chilling cold, and fell from his cart to the floor without a struggle, never to speak again.
Jin the Seventy-Second was just such a person. Though he had lost everything, even his heart, and his bold brashness had ebbed, he had always hated pointlessly talkative people most of all.
Riding the bloodstained cart, Jin the Seventy-Second departed for Tupi Village.
Vol. 2[]
A popular martial arts novel in Liyue Harbor. In a world without elemental energy or alchemy, a tale unfolds of love and hate between friends and foes. This volume tells of Jin the Seventy-Second's arrival in Tupi Village.
They say that in that faraway land, "Tupi" meant to burn away vanity's dross to attain the gem of truth.
Tupi Village lay at the foot of a barren mountain, passable to the outside world only by a single ancient path — the very same that lay beneath Jin the Seventy-Second's feet.
The skies were darkening, and the wind and rain howled.
Jin the Seventy-Second had never had anything to do with Tupi Village, but for his vengeance, and so he now sought out its village chief.
By the time the oxcart had finally trudged its way through the muddy old road to the mountain's base, it was fully night, and gloomy clouds cast a boundless shadow as they covered the moon's eyes. Jin the Seventy-Second hid in that shade, drinking the night in, body and soul.
In that deep night, the pure white light of the moon shone upon the head of the village chief. Tupi Village had never been large, but the chief was no ordinary character. No one knew his name or his past, and no one dared to ask.
They only knew that his shoulders bore a great blood debt, from a past as crimson as his eyes.
For red they were, and sharp, like a blade, piercing the hearts of all he gazed upon as he pleased.
His character was much the same, like a sharp knife that might pierce another person's heart at any time without forewarning.
"It's time."
The chief shook his head as he talked to himself, the cold moonlight dancing over his shaven crown.
Outside, a ravenous demon wielded a blood-letting long sword, massacring his followers one after the other.
Though Tupi Village was full of evil people, schools and sects had their rules, and so none would dare come knocking with rash provocations and talk of revenge.
But Jin the Seventy-Second had no school or sect, and was thus unbound by any such rules. He was but a single starving ghost with a lone sharp blade, yearning to taste the blood of his enemies.
The wind and rain accompanied the din of battle, and the downpour washed away the crimson that stained the swordsman, only for another layer to be painted on immediately...
The crimson swordsman strode forward amid a crimson mist. Many were his wounds, but none could stay his hand.
When that mist had at last cleared in the endless deluge, the swordsman crossed the turbid red beneath his feet, and stalked towards the chief's mansion.
The din beyond the gates quieted, and only now did the chief raise a cup of wine, and scatter the alcohol into the air with a flick.
Perhaps to toast the fated meeting to come, or as a ritual for his sullied soul.
The doors opened. It was Jin the Seventy-Second, his reddened outline juxtaposed against the blinding gray elements outside.
"I have questions for you, village chief."
"You've taken quite a few of my men's lives."
"Exactly three hundred and sixty-two. No more, no less..."
The chief spoke naught, and his face remained still, but the pulsing vein in his temple betrayed the fire within.
"...Ah yes, and one dog."
So saying, the crimson silhouette tossed a certain object forward. It clattered atop the wind case...
...And it was the bone of the dog that guarded the door. It had been stewed for a time, and was picked clean almost to the marrow.
For in this half an hour, not only had Jin the Seventy-Second snuffed out the lives of three hundred and sixty-two able men, but he had even turned the dog keeping the gate into dog meat stew.
What cruelty.
What ruthlessness!
The village chief let out a terrible scream, and standing, he drew his sword—
Vol. 3[]
A popular martial arts novel in Liyue Harbor. In a world without elemental energy or alchemy, a tale unfolds of love and hate between friends and foes. This volume tells of Jin the Seventy-Second's duel with the chief of Tupi Village.
The rain had ceased, but light had yet to recoup the skies.
Jin the Seventy-Second had obtained news of his nemesis from the mouth of the village chief.
Now, not a thing was left in Tupi Village but masterless rooms, and masterless spirits.
And not even that remained, for this was a world without spirits.
This world possessed no elemental power,
And so, the memories of the dead could not remain in the mortal realm via elemental resonance.
The village chief was a formidable foe. His blade was as swift as could be, and he had left many wounds on Jin the Seventy-Second, each deep enough to cut bone.
But alas, his "heart" was far too slow.
For this was a world without elements,
And thus swordsmanship could not be imbued with them.
Swordsmanship was thus a question of pure physical skill and not elemental control.
The sword is an extension of one's body, and one uses it as an arm would command the fingers, or as one's heart directs the eyes.
Though he was skilled indeed in the art of the swift blade, the village chief never understood the value of the "heart," and so he fell to a single stroke.
Jin the Seventy-Second strode towards the fallen chief, discarding the broken incense burner in his left hand.
For the chief had focused too narrowly on pouring savage strokes upon the swordsman's body, thinking them too harried to fight back, and had no eyes for his enemy's left hand, which should have been empty—
—And in a flash, the incense burner had struck the chief of Tupi Village on the forehead, sending him tumbling into a wall where he then collapsed, immobile.
"Underhanded villain..."
But only the wind answered him — the villain gripping the bloodied censor said not a word.
"...The person you're looking for is in the barren mountains beyond this village... Go seek your death there..."
But the villain had departed, and all that remained to answer him was the rustling the wind...
And the crackling of wild flames.
Vol. 4[]
A popular martial arts novel in Liyue Harbor. In a world without elemental energy or alchemy, a tale unfolds of love and hate between friends and foes. This volume tells of Jin the Seventy-Second's treacherous trek into the mountains.
Jin the Seventy-Second waited till the rainbow had dispersed before setting off once from Tupi Village toward the barren mountains.
Ancient legend held that these batten mountains had been brought into being by slices from the Celestial Emperor's blade, and thus were incredibly hard to scale.
Folk tales also held that they were called barren, for they had soaked up the tears of the Earth Mother, and thus had become bitterly salty lands where nothing grew.
The barren mountains had once been mined for gold and gems, but the mines had all been ruined in an earthquake, their workers buried within.
No one tried ever again to create the facilities to mine the mountain's bounty, and its caverns were infested with wicked beasts and bandits.
And among these evils hidden in the mountains was Jin the Seventy-Second's nemesis.
The swordsman's shoulders shivered, and his gait was hesitant, for the wounds he had been given in the battle against the chief of Tupi Village hindered him still.
He knew that many pairs of eyes stared out at him from between the wither rocks, and the breath of beasts who had caught the scents of hid blood was all around.
Long years of bloodshed had honed Jin the Seventy-Second's senses to their limit.
He sensed that the lifeless mountains were in fact a giant death trap.
Bandits and villains lay in wait for him to enter some narrow grotto, or squeeze into a tiny gorge, or pass by a collapsed mine shaft. Then, they would set upon him in the darkness with knives, and finish him.
But from the looks of things now, the steep mountains now looked like they might be able to kill Jin the Seventy-Second. The swordsman limped with every step he took, and the road was small and treacherous. Every so often, gravel would slip loose beneath his feet.
At the same time, upon a cliff twisted about with sinuous, dead trees, two figures squinted as they observed the tiny wanderer.
"He has been worse for wear since he departed from the mountain's base. If we but leave him to the treacherous trek, he will surely fall into the abyss below."
So said a bone-thin old crone.
She glanced to her side, icy death in her jade-blue eyes, sharp as a viper hidden in a rocky cleft.
"Not so!"
She turned to face the booming voice of a corpulent old man.
"He slew three hundred and sixty-two at Tupi Village, and even cooked the dog at the gate for stew.
"Though he may have been badly wounded by the village chief to the point where he can barely move, we should still beware of him."
"Hmph..."
The old woman vanished into the withered forest with a displeased noise.
The old man watched a while longer as the lame swordsman stopped for a moment more, before patting his large belly and slowly departed.
Not a single withered tree or blade of dying grass was touched as he did.
Then suddenly the sky turned dark with gathering stormclouds, and mordant rain again began to fall lightly.
In the mountain rain, the wounded Jin the Seventy-Second leaned on his sword like a crutch, and struggled forward.
But the chilling cold and the loss of blood was too much for him to bear, and he fell upon the gravel and barren stone.
Just as the darkness took him, he caught a glimpse of the billowing hem of azure-blue skirts...
He could've sworn he'd seen that sight before.
Locations[]
Vol. 1[]
Vol. 1 locationAdditional context
Vol. 2[]
Vol. 2 locationAdditional context
Vol. 3[]
Vol. 3 locationAdditional context
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishLegend of the Lone Sword—Chinese(Simplified)荒山孤剑录Huāngshān gū jiàn lùLone Sword of the Barren MountainChinese(Traditional)荒山孤劍錄Huāngshān gū jiàn lùJapanese荒山孤剣録Kousan Koken Roku‍[!][!]Assumed readingBarren Mountain Lone Sword Record‍[※][※]Sino-Japanese reading of Chinese nameKorean황산고검록HwangsangogeomrokLegend of Lone Sword of the Barren MountainSpanishLa leyenda de la espada solitariaThe Legend of the Solitary SwordFrenchL'Épée solitaire du mont désoléThe Lonely Sword of the Desolate MountainRussianОдинокий клинок в пустошахOdinokiy klinok v pustoshakhThe Lonely Blade in the WastelandsThaiบันทึกดาบเดี่ยวแห่งเขาหวงซานBanthuek Dap Diao haeng Khao HuangsanLegend of the Lone Sword of Huangshan Mountain[• 1]VietnameseHoang Sơn Cô Kiếm LụcGermanDas Schwert in der EinödeThe Sword in the WastelandIndonesianPedang Sebatang KaraA Lonesome SwordPortugueseEspada Solitária em Terra EstérilTurkishYalnız Kılıç EfsanesiLegend of the Lone SwordItalianLeggenda della spada solitaria
↑ Thai: The name "Huangshan" comes from Chinese 荒山 Huāngshān, "Barren Mountain."
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.1
Legend of the Lone Sword was added to the Archive.
Version 1.0
Legend of the Lone Sword was released.
New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune
Type
6 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Vol. 2
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Vol. 3
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Vol. 4
In the left-hand room of the Yashiro Commission Headquarters
Vol. 5
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Vol. 6
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune is a book series sold by the Yae Publishing House.
Note: The volumes in this book are numbered in accordance to their label in the Archive, but it does not match their numbering in shops and the overworld. Vol. 1 is equivalent to New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune: Prologue, Vol. 2 is equivalent to New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune (I), and so on.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Trivia
8 Notes
9 Other Languages
10 Change History
Vol. 1[]
Stories about memories are always closely intertwined with transience. This book is not all-new, but is an adaptation of "Urakusai's Chronicles of the Six Kitsune."
Prologue
Stories relating to memory always seem to have to do with those moments where you gain something and lose it straight away.
If you're wondering how I came to write about it, it's hardly the most exciting story.
That night, I was drinking and killing time at the Uyuu Restaurant when I happened to run into an old friend that I hadn't seen in forever. I don't know when she arrived, but at some point I suddenly noticed her sitting there in one of the booths.
"My, my, now, who could this be, sitting there in such a good mood, yet drinking all alone?"
Since she was asking, I thought I might as well mutter something in response:
"The best liquor comes at the highest price, and sometimes that price is waiting alone."
"Pff, I've definitely heard that one before... Still as boring as ever, I see."
Thus remarked the chief editor as she stood there with a liquor cup in hand, looking very enthusiastic about the prospect of having a drink or two.
"Why not earn yourself some drinking money? It's not like you've got anything better to do."
"Tonight, though, the drinks are on me."
She laughed, and reiterated this a couple more times.
"You're back."
I watched as the evening breeze brought a few flower petals from the Sacred Sakura and landed them in her cup, making ripples that disturbed the reflection of the moon. Overcome by a strong sense of déjà vu, my mouth took it upon itself to proceed with an utterance that would prove to be something of an embarrassment to my brain.
"You're drunk."
She didn't look very happy to hear that, and retorted with a firm and defiant tone in her voice.
But her countenance quickly changed again as she placed her cup down on the table and let out a sigh:
"I wasn't even born yet when she left."
And I was still in my youth back then.
"You must be the only one still able to recite the stories she once told."
And just like that, I found myself roped into writing for the Yae Publishing House one more time. It's quite amusing, now I think about it.
To my faithful readers, please don't be upset. This should not be taken to mean that I am committed to no longer writing save for when it becomes a selfish indulgence.
After all, there's some great liquor that's soon to decrease in price, and I have to make sure I'm prepared. Besides, I have to pay the chief editor back for the wine she so kindly bought me that night.
Vol. 2[]
The story of the "Black Fox" Itaru was actually the third volume in the original "Urakusai's Chronicles of the Six Kitsune." It appears at the front of this edition due to the writer's personal preference.
Forgive my garrulousness, but there are still some things to get out of the way before the story begins in earnest.
Why the "new" chronicles of the six kitsune?
Naturally, the word "new" here presumes the existence of an "old." This book is a slightly revised edition of Urakusai's Chronicles of the Six Kitsune, which enjoyed a period of great popularity five hundred years ago. I possess but limited writing skills, and can only hope that Urakusai and my other readers will peruse these pages with forgiving eyes.
Urakusai was already famous when I was but a small child. By that time, the Saiguu had already taken great interest in Urakusai's literary abilities and expertise on tea, making Urakusai one of the most cultured and sophisticated of all the kitsune.
Unfortunately, that is all in the past now. Urakusai made a grave mistake and had to leave. It has now been 500 years since then...
Without further ado, the story of the New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune begins on the towering Mt. Yougou.
Legend has it that in the time of the Great Kitsune Hakushin, she had six apprentices. All were greatly skilled in magic and in shape-shifting. Day-to-day, they were tasked with assisting their matriarch, Hakushin, in managing the shrine and defending Mt. Yougou.
The eldest of the six was Itaru the Black Fox, who, unlike most other females, was built as broad as a bear and as strong as a tiger. She also had a wild and unruly personality. One day, she was being drunk and disorderly in the main hall of the shrine, and destroyed a shintai that represented the Shogun. Incensed, Hakushin banished Itaru from the mountain for a period of much-needed self-reflection.
But Black Fox Itaru was all too happy to leave the mountain behind. She put Hakushin's warnings completely out of her mind, found a bottle of good-quality liquor, and headed straight for the nearest village to look for trouble.
Vol. 3[]
This volume recounts the clash between "Black Fox Itaru" and the "Twin Oni of Tokaku." This tale was missing from the original text, but it was fortunately rediscovered at a later date. It is presented here in an edited form.
Continuing where we left off, Black Fox Itaru was on her way to the village looking for trouble when she saw two women standing at the side of the road dressed like lumberjacks. Both had three blades hanging from their waist: a seven-foot-long nodachi, a kodachi, and a wakizashi. They were armed to the teeth, and they weren't hiding it.
As her big, bulky silhouette approached from a distance, the ground shook and dust went flying with each step she took — all of which put the two women on high alert. They grasped the hilts of their blades, ready to draw them at any moment, and asked in unison:
"Who are you? Are you a youkai!?"
The silhouette answered:
"Haha, that's exactly what I am!"
Without hesitation, the two women immediately drew their swords and stepped forward, intending to slay Itaru. But this was one youkai they had underestimated. She dodged their attacks in a single step, grabbed their wrists, and twisted them as she turned sideways, sending both of their seven-foot-long nodachi clattering to the ground. Alarmed by the pain, the two reached for their kodachi, but they were too late. Itaru sent one of them flying to the ground with an almighty slap, while placing the other into a headlock. Then, she grabbed the one under her arm by the scruff of the neck and lifted her up into the air, placing her foot on the other's chest to pin her to the ground.
"The Twin Oni of Tokaku? Looks like neither of you have learned anything from the beating I gave you last year for harassing the villagers!"
When the two bandits heard this, they panicked and started begging for their lives. Black Fox Itaru threw them to the ground and begin to speak:
"Fair enough. Well, I'm a masterless youkai now that I've been banished from the mountain by Hakushin. Why don't the two of you join me? We'll go around helping those in need. It'll be fun!"
Vol. 4[]
In the 500-year-old "Urakusai's Chronicles of the Six Kitsune," Youzan and Yui went on to have their own tales. But at this time, the mother-daughter pair are still reliant on Itaru to rescue them.
Continuing where we left off, Black Fox Itaru successfully tamed the bandit duo, the Twin Oni of Tokaku, and the three set off on their new journey of chivalry.
As the chivalric trio was resting in Konda Village, they ran into a mother and her daughter.
After striking up a conversation, they learned that the mother's surname was Youzan, the daughter's given name was Yui, and that both were musicians from the distant Seirai Island visiting Inazuma City to join in the festival. On their way, they had been scammed by a Lavender Melon seller from the village: He had offered them a few melons to quench their thirst, ostensibly out of the goodness of his heart, before then insisting that they purchase more of his melons at an extortionate price. But touring musicians aren't exactly wealthy, and they couldn't afford to spend the entirety of their budget for the return trip on overpriced melons...
The Twin Oni of Tokaku are an impulsive pair. Upon hearing the story, they instantly began fuming with rage, and unanimously decided that they needed to teach this dishonest merchant a lesson by cutting him into tiny pieces. But Black Fox Itaru had another idea, and spoke up to stop the two sisters:
"Enough. I know what to do."
She comforted the mother and daughter:
"You two have nothing to worry about. Just watch, I'll talk to the merchant, and he'll come to his senses."
Itaru marched off to look for the dishonest merchant.
Vol. 5[]
This is the tensest tale of the series, said to have been written by Urakusai upon his return from Liyue. It is featured in full in this writer's adaptation.
Continuing where we left off, Black Fox Itaru marched off to talk some sense into the dishonest merchant.
The Lavender Melon merchant, Dozaemon, was once a samurai. But with peace having prevailed in Inazuma for so long, his sword skills offered no further use, so he became a merchant in the village instead. After learning a few swindler's tricks, such as extortion and intimidation, he found that because he looked so fierce, no one dared confront him no matter how much he took from them. Over time, he had become one of the wealthiest people in the village.
On this day, Dozaemon was relaxing in front of his shop when all of a sudden, he saw dust flying and felt the ground shaking. Then, a shadow large enough to dwarf his shop slowly fell over his face.
"Hey! I want to buy some melons!"
Dozaemon narrowed his eyes and sized up the muscular, fierce-looking, and ill-mannered customer standing over him like an executioner, before finally realizing — oh, she's a woman...!
"How many?"
Apparently, this customer was in no hurry to answer. She was too busy admiring his wakizashi, which was lying on the chopping board:
"Mighty fine blade you got there."
"You got that right. I'll have you know I'm from a samurai clan. It's only fitting that I keep an heirloom nearby."
Dozaemon went along with the conversation, unaware of where it was heading.
"Shame. It's wasted on chopping melons."
Dozaemon sensed that this was an intentionally barbed remark, and he did not look happy about it:
"What's with all the chit-chat? Are you buying melons or not?"
"Oh, I am, I am." Itaru smiled at Dozaemon as a gesture of apology.
"Four pounds of chopped Lavender Melon, without the skins, please."
Dozaemon's suspicions were aroused, but he did not question the request. He promptly chopped four pounds of melon and placed it onto the scale.
"Hey, how come your scale's all wonky?"
Dozaemon grasped his blade the moment Itaru said this.
"Well, isn't that something—this scale's got a mind of its own!"
"Glad you're so amused. But it's time to pay up now."
Dozaemon could no longer hold back his anger. The time for pleasantries was over it was time to talk sense.
"Heh, I don't have a problem with paying you what you're due... I'm just not sure you'd be able to take it."
"Oh, don't you worry — I'll take whatever you've got to give!"
"You sure about that!?"
"Try me!"
Suddenly, Itaru yelled "take this!" and threw a bag full of Mora directly at Dozaemon's face. Dozaemon didn't react in time, and took the full force of the impact square on the nose. He fell backwards onto the ground as his precious wakizashi went flying from his hand and fell beside him. On closer inspection, his nose had been squashed completely flat by the bag of Mora: It looked just like the kind of pouch one might use to store a pipe, only without the pipe inside.
Itaru walked over and pressed her foot down on the dishonest merchant's chest. Without a word, she hit Dozaemon so hard it felt like a Liyue martial arts tournament was being hosted on his face. With great difficulty, he fought to get back on his feet, but just as he had stood up and grabbed his blade, Itaru noticed and landed another ferocious blow to his head. This time, it hit so hard that a pair of tanuki ears popped out in response. He began to beg for mercy.
Itaru burst out laughing at the sight in front of her. So, the merchant is a youkai in disguise and a filthy tanuki at that!
Itaru promptly confiscated the tanuki's stolen wakizashi, distributed most of its ill-gotten wealth among the villagers, and handed the rest to the mother and daughter who had fallen victim to its scheme earlier. Itaru spared the tanuki's life albeit not without some reluctance and continued on her way.
Vol. 6[]
Commentary regarding ancient matters that was specially added to the "New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune." If you find it an insipid, monotonous slog, dear reader, you may skip this volume. But as far as the author is concerned, this is one waste of words and emotion that cannot be avoided.
We shall bring the anecdotes of Black Fox Itaru to a close for now. Please forgive me for nagging, but I have some old matters I wish to comment on.
Now, it is no longer well-known how exactly Urakusai angered Lady Saiguu at that time. However, Lady Yae did offer to tell me some snippets of the history she experienced after having between two and eight drinks.
This is a novel, of course, so I naturally would like to turn these words into a story of what history has not recorded.
When the Kitsune Saiguu departed from the Hakushin Lands to take up her post at the Grand Narukami Shrine, Lady Yae still had yet to be born. As such, her early years were filled with stories and tales about Saiguu, and she loved and respected her greatly.
This is also why Lady Yae would eventually come to the Grand Narukami Shrine herself after embarking on her own travels.
Due to their closeness by blood, Lady Saiguu doted upon Lady Yae quite a bit, though Lady Yae speaks as little as possible about those times as she may nowadays...
—And while I as a novelist write to entertain, I shall refrain from revealing too much about Lady Yae's past, lest I suffer under the editor-in-chief's mighty pen.
But back to Urakusai. It is no longer clear how Urakusai angered Lady Saiguu back in the day, but it is known that his deeds may have had some connection to the later incursion of the Abyss.[Note 1]
However, after Urakusai had been driven out, the Kitsune Saiguu would no longer dwell at the Grand Narukami Shrine, but would instead set up permanent residence at Tenshukaku.
"A disaster that will engulf heaven and earth is coming. My duty is to defend the people and protect our lord, and so I must go to the Shogun's side."
When Lady Saiguu departed the second time, Lady Yae was but a young girl. The person she had pursued all this time now left her again. It was not until the untimely disaster swept across the archipelago that we understood the meaning of Lady Saiguu's words...
But it was too late, and things had not turned out as we would have wished.
This time, Lady Saiguu left a third time. This time, she departed forever.
Five centuries may seem long to mortals, but the joys and sorrows left by the things that happened during that time, whether to fleeting existences or enduring ones, are not easy to erase.
Trivia[]
The cover is written in the Inazuman Language and reads SHRKKTS, likely standing for Shin Roku Kitsune Den.
The author is speculated to be Kamuna Harunosuke. He was well acquainted with Kitsune Saiguu in his youth 500 years ago, and reminisced about Saiguu after her death. He possibly remains alive in the present thanks to his adeptus training.
Notes[]
↑ In the original Chinese text, Urakusai uses the pronoun 他, which can be either masculine or gender-neutral. Meanwhile, in the Prologue (Vol. 1), when Yae tells the author that they are the only person who remembers "the stories she once told," the feminine pronoun 她 is used. Based on this, it can be assumed that Yae was referring to the Kitsune Saiguu in Vol. 1 and not Urakusai.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishNew Chronicles of the Six Kitsune—Chinese(Simplified)新六狐传Xīn Liù Hú ZhuànNew Chronicles of the Six KitsuneChinese(Traditional)新六狐傳Xīn Liù Hú ZhuànJapanese新六狐伝Shinrokkoden‍[!][!]Assumed readingNew Chronicles of the Six KitsuneKorean신육호전SinyukhojeonNew Chronicles of the Six FoxesSpanishNuevas crónicas de los seis kitsuneNew Chronicles of the Six KitsuneFrenchNouvelles chroniques des six KitsunesNew Chronicles of the Six KitsuneRussianНовые хроники шести кицунэNovyye khroniki shesti kitsuneNew Chronicles of the Six KitsuneThaiตำนานบทใหม่แห่ง Kitsune ทั้งหกTamnan bot mai haeng Kitsune thang hokThe New Legends of the Six KitsuneVietnameseTân Lục Hồ TruyệnGermanNeue Chroniken der Sechs FüchseNew Chronicles of the Six FoxesIndonesianSejarah Baru Enam KitsuneNew History of the Six KitsunePortugueseNovas Crônicas dos Seis KitsunesTurkishAltı Kitsune'nin Yeni GünlükleriThe Six Kitsune's New ChroniclesItalianNuove cronache delle sei kitsune
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.0[Edit History]Version 2.1
Vol. 6 / New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune (V) was released.
Version 2.0
New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune Vol. 1-5 (Prologue, I, II, III, and IV) were released.
A Legend of Sword
Type
6 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Publisher
Yae Publishing House
Author
Zhenyu
Illustrator
Calx
Location
Vol. 1
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House
Vol. 2
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House
Vol. 3
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House
Vol. 4
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House
Vol. 5
Inside the left-hand room in the Yashiro Commission Headquarters
Vol. 6
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House
A Legend of Sword is a Book Collection found in Inazuma.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Trivia
8 Other Languages
9 Change History
10 References
Vol. 1[]
Amid a sea of stars that spin in reverse, light-centuries of war unfold down on the planet's surface... With this grandiose opening comes an all-new tale of gallantry!
"Even if Emperor Sher's ambitions are realized, how will anybody benefit from it?"
Secretary of Defense Faranges stared out of the window into space as the galaxies and stars shone gently upon her face, their pale white glow flowing softly and slowly down each strand of her hair.
She couldn't help but think back to the first time she looked out at this ocean of stars through this very window. But she no longer remembered the sense of awe she felt back then. Even her homeland, now hundreds of light-years away, had long since become faded and distorted in her memories whenever they surfaced in her dreams.
"Forgive me for speaking out of place, Your Highness, but this war has been dragging on for far too long. We've battled through countless constellations, wiped out tens of millions of lives in all sorts of devious ways, and made ourselves viceroys and envoys of every obscure constellation we came across, all in an effort to make Emperor Sher's dreams a reality. But what has His grand vision brought us? One misfortune after another, and an ever-growing number of enemies. They're in every corner of the galaxy now... it's just a matter of time before they swallow us up!"
"My brother's vision is for an empire that will rule for all eternity, one where there is no fear, and where people do not lack for anything. The fate of the many will no longer be dictated by the few, no one will enjoy a higher status than anybody else, and even incompetence will no longer be seen as a crime. And so... it is inevitable that those who cannot comprehend this grand vision are doomed to be swept aside. This is their fate."
Princess Gopatha shook her head and spoke with a gentle yet cold tone.
It seemed as if the Intergalactic Anti-Guerrilla War had robbed her of more than just one of her eyes and one of her arms, because when Faranges looked at her, she did not see the joyful young woman she once knew.
"I trust in brother's decision — he would not act out of mere self-interest. So please, even though it is you, don't say such things again in the future. Don't speak words that sow doubt."
Vol. 2[]
Amid a sea of stars that spin in reverse, no battle is legendary enough to be any more than a ripple in the silence for those who dwell upon the shore... But for the warriors in the thick of it, the war is all there is.
Surely, even an armada consisting entirely of Yazata-class warships would have a tough job making a dent in a defense as watertight as this one.
Admiral Geldafried's overconfidence in the greatest technological marvel of the empire meant that she was completely unaware that the rebels were, at that very moment, closing in on the fatal weakness of their base. The mighty Star Fortress, Anusharwan — designed personally by Princess Gopatha, and named by Emperor Sher — was now nothing more than a fragile egg before the rebel fleet, and mother hen was away from the nest.
Bastinu deftly navigated the Lachsz Clipper through the intricate and winding ventilation system, weaving between jets of poisonous gas and elemental clouds shooting out from holes in the walls, while trying to shake the automatic mechanical sentries on his tail. His eyes and ears filled with blood and the scene before him merged into a continuous blur of color and light as the clipper shot ahead at a breathtaking speed.
"Now's my chance."
So thought Bastinu to himself as the propulsion system's energy core came gradually into view.
"It's time."
So thought Admiral Geldafried to herself as she gazed at the flashing sphere of light in the planet's orbit.
Then, she gave the order to launch an indiscriminate assault on the planet.
Then, Bastinu launched a fatal attack on the fortress core.
"Oh, what I would give to see the look on Princess Gopatha's face right now..."
So thought both to themselves, separately but identically, in that brief moment.
Vol. 3[]
Amid a sea of stars that spin in reverse lies a small chain of shattered isles, each of which has its own history, featuring tales heroic and trivial alike. This heroic tale is set in the time of the Suruga Shogunate.
Ten years earlier...
25 light years away...
With the nation under the rule of the Suruga Shogunate, cries of anguish filled the streets as the people suffered bitterly.
At that time, the Suruga Shogunate was led by the Seii Tai-Shogun, Imagawa Ujizane. Four years prior, after finally beheading Demon King Danjouchuu, the Tai-Shogun's own reign of terror began.
It was in this time and place that our free and unrestrained swordmaster wandered the land.
His name was Bitchuu Kyuubei, and he was known to the people as Shinkurou, the vigilante.
Bitchuu Kyuubei was not a ronin as such. It is said that he was once the most trusted strategist for His Excellency the Tai-Shogun, until one day he was framed by a rival. Given the Shogun's paranoid nature, this left him with no choice but to flee the Shogunate and escape into the wilderness.
Today, Shinkurou was standing on a mountainside gazing into the distance. But what was the object of his gaze?
Was it the vast expanse of open fields? No.
Was it the mountain range in the distance? No.
Was it the road stretching out ahead of him? Yes! Although, that's not the full story.
So. What was the object of Shinkurou's gaze, exactly...?
The farmers who had paid the swordsman in rice for his services cowered in fear, too afraid to ask.
It seems that only the silent swordsman himself knew the answer to this question.
Vol. 4[]
There is a saying in Inazuma: "What are bandits but the children of war?" In times of tumult, even the harvest is a battlefield... See how this unfolds in the latest volume of "A Legend of Sword"!
"The fall is here. The season of harvest is almost upon us."
The one speaking was Saitou Onisa.
Ninjas are dangerous individuals, experts in self-preservation and in avoiding danger. In times of war and upheaval, they work as mercenaries for the Daimyo.
They are born in war, and they draw their strength from the powerful masters they work for. Such is the path of the ninja. But it is also the path of the ninja to become displaced and disillusioned at the end of a war, or to meet their ruin as soon as they lose their powerful backing.
So when the Imagawa Tai-Shogun finally united the country, the ninjas became like hunting dogs that had outlived their purpose. Most were either executed or drafted into the shogun's army, but some got away, disappeared into the wilderness, and turned to a life of banditry.
That is precisely Saitou Onisa's story.
"There's no rush. Let's wait for the villagers to finish harvesting the grain for us."
The person speaking this time was called Yonemata Tasuke.
Bandits are either samurai who have grown weary of the warrior's way or farmers fighting to stay alive.
They, too, are born in war. They draw their strength from cunning, and this emboldens them to run amok across across the land.
But when war ends and peace is restored, the source of their power evaporates. Like mayflies, they disappear as quickly as they came.
Yonemata Tasuke was born into an ordinary farming family, only turning to banditry in his forties. Yet, despite his age, he took to it with great aplomb, and quickly established himself as a ringleader.
The most terrible of all bandits are those who have themselves suffered terribly under an oppressive hand.
"Then, we burn everything. Leave no survivors."
His was the voice of an age of upheaval.
Vol. 5[]
Amid a sea of stars that spin in reverse, in nondescript village in a remote corner of the shattered isles, a ronin who has fallen upon hard times forms an alliance with a group of farmers. A great battle with the bandits draws near...
The terrain of Asada Village was shaped like crescent moon.
Shinkurou had noticed this the very first time he set foot in the marshland.
If he could organize enough villagers to lie in ambush up on the mountain ridge, shielding themselves with the terrain and attacking downwards from the high ground, defeating the enemy would be easy. Especially since the bandits would be weary from their journey. Furthermore, the villagers outnumbered the bandits, so surrounding them on all sides would not be difficult to pull off.
But the biggest obstacle to this plan was the villagers themselves. A small group of easy targets would be needed as bait to lure the bandits into the valley, but after enduring an age of despotic rule, only to continue to suffer under the tyrannical and extortionate taxation practices of the present Shogunate, the mentality of individual self-preservation was deeply ingrained. How was he going to convince anybody to volunteer to be the bait and sacrifice themselves for everyone else's benefit?
There was one other problem, too. In wartime, a samurai army finding themselves in this situation would be certain to use fire to make their ambush more effective. The wind from the mountain would make the fire spread quickly, trapping the enemy in the valley and dealing them a devastating blow.
But this was farming community seeking to keep their land and village safe. There was nothing he could say to convince them that setting their houses and grain reserves on fire was anything close a good idea. This was completely understandable, of course, but the fact was that an even worse fate would await them they fail to take the bandits down.
Shinkurou silently sat down and continued to ponder the conundrum.
Vol. 6[]
"In essence, the great battle in space is no different from the armed conflict between commoners which took place ten years ago on that barren planet..." Soon, the name of that man shall be known across the Galaxy, matching that of the Emperor.
"Captain, forgive my bluntness, but you were sleeping the whole time during that meeting earlier."
"Huh, so you noticed?"
"Oh, you were sitting quite upright, but I've seen this happen many times before. Captain, I'd ask you not to use your training as a martial artist in this manner. A written report isn't going to save you if the fleet commander hears of this."
So Mahasti said, but in truth, no one had ever dared to touch his superior. Amidst the delicate balance that Allied Fleet Command maintained internally, his middle aged captain and superior, Bitchuu Kyuubei, also known as Shinkurou, now also known as "Semimaru" using some truly lame pronunciation, was the very same person everyone was trying to court to their side, and the one most likely to break this deadlock.
This was a whole decade ago now...
Shinkurou thought to himself quietly.
That one victorious battle at Asada village, on reflection, had been nothing but a minor test of Shinkurou's military prowess. But for the parties involved, this could be called the beginning of the disaster.
As expected, the Tai-Shogun would not permit such a talented person to wander in the wild.
Not long after, Shinkurou would be blinded in both eyes and thrown in jail.
This state of affairs lasted until five years ago, when the Imagawa clan was defeated by an allied army formed under the Oome daimyo clan, beheading its leader in the process. From then, the nation and its people would finally experience a period of peace...
That was what the new Seii Tai-Shogun told Shinkurou personally in while the latter was in prison.
Shinkurou had never in his life seen the common folk able to work and live in peace, and this strange Tai-Shogun was likely no saint, either. The general amnesty was something that simply had to be done to win the people over.
As he reminisced, Shinkurou could not help but sigh: whether in the past or now, people like him would always be at the center of the vortex, whether they liked it or not.
"As far as this country is concerned, people like me are traitors, and I suppose that is also the case in this vast universe."
The Shogun looked at the sitting Shinkurou and spoke in an indifferent voice.
"The Imperial Tax is no longer something that this tiny planet in a corner of the universe can take up. And someone of your ability should be free to flex it among the stars."
"Your clan and your given names were taken by that cretin Imagawa, yes, but abandon that past. From now on, you shall be known as 'Semimaru.'"
Yes. Someone who no longer had a past, someone whose eyes could no longer behold the many wonders of the universe... Now, its vastness opened before him.
Trivia[]
The cover is written in the Inazuman Language and reads DLDFSCH, possibly standing for Die Legend vom Schwert based on the German translation of the title.
The series title and its premise are a nod to the famous science fiction novel series Legend of the Galactic Heroes.
Sangonomiya Kokomi can be seen reading one of the volumes during one of her idle animations.
Vol.6 was first sold by Kuroda and Murata during the Hues of the Violet Garden event after completing the The Five Colors' True Form quest.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishA Legend of Sword—Chinese(Simplified)沉秋拾剑录Chénqiū Shíjiàn-lùLate Autumn Sword Practice Records[• 1]Chinese(Traditional)沉秋拾劍錄Chénqiū Shíjiàn-lùJapanese沈秋拾剣録Chinshuu Shuuken-roku[1]Late Autumn Sword Practice Records‍[※][※]Sino-Japanese reading of Chinese nameKorean침추습검록침추습검록沈秋拾劍錄Chimchu Seupgeom-nokLate Autumn Sword Practice Records‍[※][※]Sino-Korean reading of Chinese nameSpanishUna leyenda de espadasA Legend of SwordsFrenchUne légende d'épéeA Legend of SwordRussianЛегенда о клинкеLegenda o klinkeA Legend of BladeThaiตำนานของดาบTamnan khong dapA Legend of SwordVietnameseTrầm Thu Thập Kiếm LụcTrầm Thu Thập Kiếm Lục沉秋拾剑录Late Autumn Sword Practice Records‍[※][※]Sino-Vietnamese reading of Chinese nameGermanVom Schwert gefunden im HerbstOf the Sword Found in AutumnIndonesianLegenda PedangLegend of SwordPortugueseA Lenda da EspadaA Legend of the SwordTurkishBir Kılıç EfsanesiA Legend of SwordItalianLeggenda di una spadaLegend of a Sword
↑ Chinese: 沉秋/沉秋 Chénqiū, "heavy autumn" is a literary expression meaning "late autumn." 拾剑/拾劍 Shíjiàn literally means "picking up a sword" and symbolizes the practice of sword art.
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.0[Edit History]Version 2.6
A Legend of Sword (VI) was released.
Version 2.0
A Legend of Sword was released.
References[]
↑ Sangonomiya Kokomi's Japanese Voice-Over: 珊瑚宮心海自身について・休息
Toki Alley Tales
Type
6 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Takizawa Kyouden
Location
Vol. 1
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (Prologue)
Vol. 2
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (I)
Vol. 3
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (II)
Vol. 4
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (III)
Vol. 5
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (IV)
Vol. 6
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (V)
Toki Alley Tales is a Book Collection found across Inazuma. It can be assembled by finding all the Torn Pages for each volume.
Contents
1 Gameplay Notes
2 Vol. 1
3 Vol. 2
4 Vol. 3
5 Vol. 4
6 Vol. 5
7 Vol. 6
8 Notes
9 Trivia
10 Other Languages
11 Change History
Gameplay Notes[]
Assembling all the Torn Pages grants the Wonders of the World achievement Tales of Monstrous Madness.
Vol. 1[]
They say that in the past, when the fragile and short-lived mortals had yet to cross over the sea unto these lands, Inazuma was once a land that belonged to the tanuki. They say, too, that human history began as drunken tanuki nonsense... Welcome to Toki Alley, a place where history and wild tales intertwine.
Prologue: The Tanuki's Oral History of Inazuma
They say that in the past, before the fragile and short-lived mortals had crossed over the sea to these lands, Inazuma was once a land that belonged to the tanuki.
Lazy and fickle by nature, the tanuki never worried about tomorrow, nor did they carry today's troubles with them through the night. During that period, the land of Inazuma was a cozy paradise for the tanuki and every day was a fun-filled festival.
At least, that's what the tanuki elders say.
Later on, the kitsune arrived by sea, forcing the tanuki into a great war that lasted first for 800 years and then for another 800 years, with both sides suffering heavy casualties, until eventually the only option was to hold peace talks. The tanuki are a stubborn bunch and to this day still don't admit defeat, but the fact remains that they ceded the giant Thunder Sakura to the kitsune.
But the kitsune are a crafty and cunning bunch too, and equally skilled in the art of shape-shifting. It is said that in that great war, as a consequence of the constant switcheroo trickery, many poor souls became completely disoriented and could not for the life of them keep track of who was who — eventually forgetting even who they were, what they were, and which side they were supposed to be on.
Thus were the hapless mortals born. The product of bewildered youkai.
This tale and many others were told to me by the tengu who likes to boast.
Vol. 2[]
The great tengu are naught but brutal braggarts, and especially when drunk! — Tanuki Historical Commentary
Yoichi's Tale
The tengu's name is Yoichi, and she lives in Hanamizaka on a small side street called Toki Alley. She rents a shop there that sells alcohol, and lives a leisurely existence.
I say "leisurely." That's putting it nicely. "Completely and utterly chaotic" would be a more accurate description.
In theory, someone who enjoys alcohol enough to start a business selling it should know a thing or two about it. This applies as much to youkai as to humans.
But to be absolutely blunt, Yoichi has terrible taste in alcohol and has no business sense at all. Worst of all, in all her days in the human realm, she has never ridden herself of her awful tengu habits. Sometimes she will get drunk and stir up trouble among other youkai or kidnap human children and parade around all night at the festival, causing total chaos. Other times, she will barge into a theater, with no regard for the atmosphere, then casually strut on stage and start beating up the lead actor... the list goes on.
If it weren't for her senior status among the youkai and her extensive connections in human society, I suspect Yoichi might have been dealt with by some hero or other at the foot of a mountain long ago.
But the youkai and human folk of Toki Alley see her quite differently. Even the Great Gongen[Note 1] has never given her serious punishment, because she has never caused any major trouble.
Though haughty and slovenly by nature, as a "great youkai, set apart from the common folk" (her own words), Yoichi isn't greatly attached to worldly possessions. Any money she comes into is spent swiftly on alcohol — or else on novels from Yae Publishing House, which she skims through halfway before promptly defenestrating them. As a result, her home is not what you would call "domesticated" — quite the opposite, in fact.
Simply put, she doesn't have any worldly possessions of sentimental value... the sole exception being the golden paper fan she wears on her waist.
The Great Tengu are a race of youkai that travels to many different worlds, and it's not at all uncommon for them to adorn themselves with battle trophies that have an interesting backstory. Such is the case for this paper fan.
On a moonlit night, a drunken Yoichi, her shirt collar wide open, began bragging to me about its story...
She said that in one of the many worlds she had traversed, she took the form of a haughty young male archer, serving under an equally haughty shogun. Under that shogun's command, she, — or rather, "he" — had proudly shot down countless opponents, including big-bellied mortal samurai and crafty tanuki ninjas. Even the jikininki,[Note 2] despite their bulky figures, were no match against a single shot from Yoichi's bow.
"Hahahahaha! You are truly a great soldier! Your vision is keen like lightning, just like the Great Tengu!"
At that age, the conceited shogun tended to laugh in a loud and obnoxious manner, which was most unseemly.
After that, Yoichi made numerous contributions for the shogun, executing many monsters and unfortunate mortals. It goes without saying that she probably made some of the stories up. But what she truly became renowned for was the final battle of that world, a world in which she spent a hundred years.
In that naval battle, the shogun and rebels braved storms to wage bloody warfare between the straits. The monsters numbered at least eight million, maybe eight million more than that, while the mortal samurai must have numbered in the tens of millions. In terms of casualties, the headcount cannot be known, but what is known is that 800 thousand ships sank in the course of the battle. Yoichi reached this staggering tally with my assistance as she was vomiting up a bellyful of wine by the window.
As is typical of so many stories about bitterly fought wars stuck in stalemate, brave heroes from both sides mowed down their enemies like blades of grass, painting the sea blood-red, while the rival generals stubbornly refused to back down, preferring to stay locked in intransigence than to withdraw their troops and head home to get a good night's sleep.
Finally, on one cold moonlit night, a small boat slowly floated out from enemy lines. A lone figure stood on the boat, swaying like a reflection in the water. Beside the figure was a shimmering flagpole with a paper fan at the top. It gave off a golden glow in the moonlight.
"Argh, ARGH... I am furious, furious! This blatant provocation cannot be tolerated!"
The shogun squinted his eyes, saw the golden fan in the distance, and instantly flew into a rage.
Yoichi couldn't understand why the shogun's self-esteem was so fragile, but was too lazy to empathize with the petty mortal sense of dignity. At that moment, she... no, "he," fixed his keen tengu gaze on the floating figure in the boat.
What he saw was a woman, and an altogether different one than Yoichi.
Moments later, a single arrow flew across the moon and tore apart the night sky.[Note 3]
"Haha, great!"
Soon, the shogun's shouting was drowned out by the cheers of the army.
"If those two old-timers find out what they have lost, they'd probably be so angry they'd rupture their spleens!"
Yoichi let out a conceited and mischievous laugh. She was drunk. The Great Tengu had a certain twinkle in her eye, of the rather repulsive variety, that she made no attempt to cover up.
What had happened was that as the arrow flew through the air, Yoichi had already spread out her giant wings and flown across the strait, snatching the golden paper fan and the bewildered beauty holding onto it as she passed over the boat. She then took the opportunity to push over the insufferably loud-mouthed shogun, and flew away from the battle.
A perfect tengu snatch and grab.
It was just a shame that...
"Well, you know what happened, she was a neko.[Note 4] She scratched me to pieces..."
Yoichi stuck out her tongue and sighed with exasperation.
"Oh right, it's snapper season! You should take some back with you."
"Hmm? The stingy Great Tengu has a heart?"
"I meant for that woman!"
Seeing the threatening gaze from the greatly tipsy Great Tengu, I hastily gathered the remaining snapper in my arms and left.
Vol. 3[]
Mother once warned that a beautiful face can hide deceptive intentions. If she looks as lovely as the moonlight, she must either be a fox spirit, or some old bake-neko[Note 5] hag of significant power — Tanuki Historical Commentary
Osen's Tale
I left Yoichi's house and followed the winding alley for a while, then turned into a narrow street to arrive at that old lady's home.
When the night is pitch black and the moon has climbed its peak, the neko awaken from their slumber.
It is said that neko who have lived up for hundreds or even thousands of years can easily take on the form of a young woman, tempting people into doing funny and foolish things or chasing innocent travelers out of some sense of spiteful vengeance. But that's just the stuff of mortal imagination.
In fact, the bake-neko only take on the form of young women when they're especially angry. Most of the time, the prefer to take on the form of an older woman, partly because it matches their crafty and cantankerous nature, but also because they can use old age as a disguise, portraying themselves as gentle souls to poor unsuspecting passers-by.
"Hey, that's not free!"
At the sound of the voice, I raised my head to see a young woman sitting on the eaves, as if she'd been there for a while. Her face was obscured by the shadows, and all I could make out was something resembling a smile on her face and golden-green light reflected by her eyes. Moonlight flowed from her semi-exposed shoulders down her dress, trickling through the gaps in the hem of her skirt and outlining her long slender legs with porcelain-white luster. She has absent-mindedly playing with a kendama in her hand.
Yep, the old lady was definitely furious...
"Tut-tut, you're late again tonight."
"Of course, s—sorry."
Mosquitoes kept bumping into the paper lamp, causing it to flicker lethargically in response.
As the moon shone down, a humid wind arose. Before long, it had brought the cicadas' cries to a stop.
With her hair flowing down, the lady turned the spinning wheel with a perverse smile on her face. It was quite terrifying.
Now, despite my being a tanuki on friendly-enough terms with the tengu to sit and drink with them, even I have to be on my very best behavior around the bake-neko. So, I promptly prostrated myself and apologized profusely for my transgression.
"Never mind, never mind. Since the snapper is still fresh, you can get up."
With great difficulty on account of my rotund tanuki form, I resumed a normal seated position. The young woman slowly transformed back into an old woman, who had a kindly but strange smile on her face.
"Thank you, Auntie Sen."
Call me Osen![Note 6]
I was relived.
But something still felt off.
"Hahahaha, anyway, how's that fool doing these days?"
With a slurp, Osen swallowed one of the fish whole, including the tail.
As for the story of how her fate became intertwined with that of the Great Tengu, the facts can only be described as farcical. We have already heard the ridiculous tales from Yoichi's perspective, but the bake-neko tells a completely different story.
Osen wasn't born in our world, but one where mortals were much more savage.
One night, in a bamboo forest, the young Osen was captured by a wandering monk. After passing through many hands, she was eventually sold to the shogun and became some sort of "Obake-neko."
She has few memories of those days beyond wondering why the high-ranking officials of the mortal world enjoyed annoying her and playing with her. Every day, she was driven to scratch her enemies to pieces, or forced to play boring games which only they seemed to enjoy.
This went on for such a long time that any normal person would have been driven to madness. But youkai live such long lives that they have far more patience than mortals.
Later, when her shogun and the rebels' shogun started fighting, Osen transformed into a ninja.
"This is where the story gets even more boring..."
Osen squinted her eyes as she said this, letting out a huge yawn that stretched from ear to ear.
On the night of that naval battle, the shogun thought of an ingenious scheme...
The shogun ordered Osen to transform into a beautiful young woman and stand on a small boat with a golden fan to humiliate the rebels so that they dare not approach. Even if they did, the bake-neko would teach them a brutal lesson.
But of course, Yoichi was standing amidst the ranks of the rebels...
"But of course, that fool suddenly stood up and starting ranting and raving about shooting down the fan with a single arrow."
Then the Great Tengu...
"... Slipped and fell, landing in the ocean with a great splash."
The old woman's feline face failed to stifle a smile, and erupted into jeering laughter.
"She was so drunk that night that she though the seas were the stormiest she'd ever seen.
In fact, the moon shone calmly and coolly, and there was not a trace of wind."
"But it'd been a few hundred years since I'd seen someone so entertaining. So, to save her the humiliation, I stifled my laughter and took the paper fan down myself... Then, a roar of cheers came from their fleet. Just thinking about it amuses me to this day."
Next, the Great Tengu unfurled her giant wings and leaped into the air, like a cloud covering the moon, and swooped down towards the beautiful woman...
"A flurry of arrows later, and she fell into the sea looking like a hedgehog. I couldn't keep a straight face any longer and started laughing uncontrollably."
Laughing raucously, Osen dragged the ill-fated tengu from the sea, put her in a headlock, and flew over the fleets from both sides, laughing maniacally and causing both generals to lose their tempers.
People says she flew over eight ships in a row,[Note 7] then disappeared into the night. The feline youkai's laughter could be heard for more than three days after the battle has finished.
"I couldn't stop laughing, so I scratched her as hard as I could... But the sorry state she was in made me laugh even harder, and the harder I scratched, the harder I laughed, hahahahaha..."
The neko transformed into an old lady and laughed uncontrollably.
"Afterwards, she brought me to this world and treated me like I was some kind of trophy!"
The old woman pursed her lips as her face transformed into that of a sulky young woman. But this looked quite comical, because her cheeks were still flushed bright red from having laughed so hard she could barely breathe.
"I am NOT a trophy!"
"Hmm, now that I think about it, that's probably the whole reason why she doesn't dare to visit me herself."
The elderly female with feline features and the face of a young woman sighed gently, then smiled a cunning smile once more.
"You should go. Leave the door open, and come back on the the next full moon."
"Also, don't forget to take this raincoat over to our old friend."
Vol. 4[]
"Planning ahead" may be akin to getting a raincoat from an old bake-neko before walking headlong into the driving rain. It is said that when a bell rings while it's pouring, this must be an old acquaintance coming uninvited — Tanuki Historical Commentary
The Tale of Granny Ame
After leaving Osen's house, I turned left, then right along a winding alley to a damp courtyard, and arrived at Granny Ame's home.
In the elegant courtyard, even the cicadas' chirps were silenced. There was only the quiet trickle of water droplets in the suikinkutsu, accompanied by the rhythmic thumps of the shishi-odoshi.
Long ago, in the mountains and forests where youkai could lead carefree lives, the lady who could turn mist into rain was a good friend of the tanuki and kitsune.
Naturally, us youkai are vastly different from mortals. We don't have complicated troubles that plague us, nor do we have things like status or class. But in the mountains shrouded in mist and rain, the soft-spoken Ameonna always managed to gain more respect and adoration.
It was later, when everyone had submitted to the Great Gongen. Good times came for mortals, and youkai either lived in seclusion at various places, or were subjected to destruction and suppression... It was then that Granny Ame moved to Toki Alley. As a token of sympathy, the Kitsune of Grand Narukami Shrine, Lady Guuji, gave her this mansion.
What kind of loss and sorrow led to Lady Guuji takins special care of Granny Ame? I'm really curious.
Stopping briefly in the courtyard, I watched the crescent moon swaying in the pond, as her voice rang gently in the cool night breeze.
"My apologies to have kept you waiting for so long."
When I turned around, I saw Ameonna standing by the door. She was bathed in pale moonlight, her long white dress shone with a dewy sheen, but her young and slender figure exuded a melancholic aura of a bygone era.
So, I looked down and hastily handed over the raincoat that Osen passed to me, not daring to look directly into her pale gray eyes.
It is rumored among mortals that the eyes of the sorrowful Ameonna will take on the marble gray-white hue of a drowning person. Those who dare to look directly into these woeful eyes will be lost forever in the incomprehensible fog of rain.
Of course, that's just a silly legend among mortals, but the basic etiquette like "Don't look into the eyes of the sorrowful Ameonna" is indeed an unwritten rule among youkai.
"Thank you."
Granny Ame's voice was as soft and gentle as ever, like morning dew in the mist.
She didn't invite me in, nor did she share her story.
All I was handed was a wooden box, but that's all I needed to know.
So, while the moon was bright, I quietly left the courtyard.
Vol. 5[]
When sheltering from the rain under the same roof as a foxy-eyed friend, one would do well to keep watch for pranks. This, for sooth, has been tanuki teaching for years untold — Tanuki Historical Commentary
The Tale of Gonbei
Gonbei is 76 years old and is the only mortal living in Toki Alley.
He was a farmer, a samurai, and a craftsman.
The box in my hand is his handiwork, its smooth black lacquer surface inlaid with an iridescent mother-of-pearl. This was a craft he learned from the fishermen of Watatsumi Island.
"Thank you for your hard work."
The old man in front of me bowed his head deeply.
Although I privately thought that this was the way mortals were supposed to behave towards youkai, I still felt a twinge of pity for his melancholy.
According to Gonbei, contrary to popular legend, he was once close friends with the Ameonna who roamed the mountains and forests.
It's just that, Gonbei, who was a teenager at the time, was trying to bring rain to the drought-stricken fields of his hometown. He thus heeded the village elder's words and went to the mountains to seek help from the Ameonna.
At that time, Granny Ame was no longer young and was keenly aware of the many changes in the world. But the beings of the mountains and forests are always more simple and naïve, compared to mortals.
Hmm, what happened later? The young Gonbei made the unspeakable mistake of deceiving the beings of the mountains and seas. Although to this day, he still insists that his deceit was to save his hometown.
And his village did have a rare harvest year because of the heavy rainfall.
After that, Gonbei, who was deeply ashamed, avoided the mountains far away and came to live in the city for a long time.
"I'm so sorry." The elderly mortal bowed his head, but did not take the wooden box.
I left his house, before the moonlight was shrouded by dark clouds.
Vol. 6[]
There will always be time to feast. The sly fox deeply understands the meaning of loss, but those who rule over others are no better than children in this regard — Tanuki Historical Commentary
Break Time
They say that in the past, before the fragile and short-lived mortals had crossed over the sea to these lands, Inazuma was once a land that belonged to the tanuki. Lazy and fickle by nature, the tanuki never worried about tomorrow, nor did they carry today's troubles with them through the night. During that period, the land of Inazuma was a cozy paradise for the tanuki and every day was a fun-filled festival.
At least, that's what the tanuki elders say.
Later on, the kitsune arrived by sea, forcing the tanuki into a great war that lasted first for 800 years and then for another 800 years, with both sides suffering heavy casualties, until eventually the only option was to hold peace talks. The tanuki are a stubborn bunch and to this day still don't admit defeat, but the fact remains that they ceded the giant Thunder Sakura to the kitsune.
But the kitsune are a crafty and cunning bunch too, and equally skilled in the art of shape-shifting. It is said that in that great war, as a consequence of the constant switcheroo trickery, many poor souls became completely disoriented and could not for the life of them keep track of who was who — eventually forgetting even who they were, what they were, and which side they were supposed to be on.
Thus were the hapless mortals born. The product of bewildered youkai.
I wandered through the winding streets and alleys, while recapping the long-held stories of the tanuki clan. In the end, I didn't find a restaurant that was still open.
I guess this means it's time to go back. With this in mind, I stood up and stretched my back in front of Uncle Kitsune's soba stand.
Just then, a familiar scent came from behind—
Notes[]
↑ In Shinto-Buddhist beliefs, a gongen (Japanese: 権現) is believed to be a manifestation of Buddha as an indigenous kami, appearing to guide people towards salvation.
↑ Jikininki (Japanese: 人食い鬼 Hitogui-oni) are flesh-eating demons or oni. Their English name comes from 食人鬼 Jikininki.
↑ Reference to the feat of Nasu no Yoichi at Battle of Yashima.
↑ Neko (Japanese: 猫) means "cat." In the Japanese version of this line, Yoichi says 猫ババァ neko-baba, which roughly translates to "Granny Cat," wherein ババァ baba is an informal (and typically derogatory) way of referring to an old woman.
↑ "Bake-neko" (Japanese: 化け猫 bake-neko, lit. "changed cat") is a cat youkai.
↑ In the Japanese version, the narrating tanuki calls Osen 千婆様 Sen-baba-sama, wherein 婆 baba again means "old woman." Because it is written with proper kanji, it does not carry a negative connotation like Yoichi's version (ババァ) did, and the tanuki additionally adds the honorific suffix 様 -sama to further denote its respect. Nonetheless, Sen insists that the tanuki call her Osen (Japanese: お千), using the polite honorific prefix お O instead.
↑ Reference to the feat of Minamoto no Yoshitsune at Battle of Dan-no-Ura.
Trivia[]
According to the message left on the Hanamizaka Bulletin Board by Hiratsuka, this copy of Toki Alley Tales is the only extant copy of the book.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishToki Alley Tales—Chinese(Simplified)鹮巷物语Huán Xiàng WùyǔIbis Alley TalesChinese(Traditional)䴉巷物語Huán Xiàng WùyǔJapanese朱鷺町物語TokimachimonogatariIbis Alley TalesKorean따오기 골목 모노가타리Ttaogi Golmok MonogatariIbis Alley MonogatariSpanishLa novela de la Calle del IbisThe Novel of the Street of the IbisFrenchContes de l'Allée TokiToki Alley TalesRussianРассказы улицы ТокиRasskazy ulitsy TokiToki Street TalesThaiเรื่องราวแห่งตรอก TokiRueang-rao haeng trok TokiTales of Toki AlleyVietnameseCâu Chuyện Hẻm IbisIbis Alley TalesGermanGeschichten aus der TokigasseTales from the Toki AlleyIndonesianKisah Gang TokiTales of Toki AlleyPortugueseContos da Rua TokiTales of the Toki StreetTurkishToki Sokağı HikayeleriToki Street TalesItalianRacconti di Via TokiToki Street Tales
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.0[Edit History]Version 2.1
The following volumes were released:
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (III) (Volume 4)
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (IV) (Volume 5)
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (V) (Volume 6)
Version 2.0
Toki Alley Tales was released with the following volumes:
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (Prologue) (Volume 1)
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (I) (Volume 2)
Torn Page: Toki Alley Tales (II) (Volume 3)
Princess Mina of the Fallen Nation
Type
6 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Vol. 2
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Vol. 3
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Vol. 4
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Vol. 5
Inside the left-hand room in the Yashiro Commission Headquarters
Vol. 6
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Princess Mina of the Fallen Nation is a Book Collection sold at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City. Volume 5 can be obtained in the Yashiro Commission Headquarters.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Other Languages
8 Change History
Vol. 1[]
The princess who was prophesied to bring destruction witnesses the imminent fall of her nation, and it is at this moment when a wandering warrior descends from the skies, ignorant of the truth.The pair's journey amidst the fires of an ancient warring period are about to begin!
Thirteen years of peace were had before the era of warring states began.
The nations of the north, furthest from the epicenter, at last became infected by the spirit of the age, hurling themselves into the flames of war.
As it is with most wars, a loser would be decided after a fierce conflict. Their cities were cast down into flaming rubble, and their nobles and their supporters fled into the mountains.
Such a backdrop is hardly anything special.
But into that inflection point of an era strode a wandering samurai dressed in luxurious robes.
No, rather than "luxurious," perhaps it was more accurate to say that these robes were...
Yes, that's right. It was a man dressed as a woman.
In contrast, this samurai was accompanied by a petite girl wearing a haori that was large to the point of incredulity.
In any case, they were a suspicious pair for sure.
However, the two of them sauntered up to the checkpoint at the foot of the mountains as if unaware of this fact.
Of course, they were immediately stopped by the ashigaru guarding the checkpoint.
"Who are you?"
This was a standard thing to say, but it was also an honest question in this case.
"As you can see, we're just ordinary passers-by."
It was a reply with no powers of persuasion.
But the ashigaru who asked almost seemed to hesitate at the sheer lack of doubt in the samurai's tone.
"Well, uh, could I ask you to come with me anyway?"
"Ah. That didn't work, huh.."
The samurai almost seemed disappointed. Suddenly, three ashigaru fell to the ground.
"You planned to do this all along, didn't you? You horrible knave."
The girl grumbled softly from the rear.
Vol. 2[]
"A princess who brings destruction. Hah. Isn't that just an excuse for making war?"They travel to the center of the world in search of the truth behind the prophecy.The super-popular romantic adventure continues!
"That's not it."
These words burst out suddenly.
In the nameless mountain shrine, the black-haired princess sat still, her face flickering between light and shadow in the face of a flame.
"What do you mean 'that's not it'?"
Came the reply, almost as a conditioned reflex.
"What I mean, you dumb samurai, is: don't you have any thoughts concerning me, the princess who brings destruction?"
"Thoughts? Well, I think you're quite the character, for one."
"I don't mean 'thoughts' in that sense." Princess Mina sounded quite exasperated now. "I mean with regards to saving me."
"Strictly speaking, I didn't save you."
The samurai corrected.
"At that time, you ordered me to take you away in your capacity as princess. In that sense, you saved yourself."
"Oh, is that how you see it?"
An expected reply.
Well, the samurai thought, it had been worth a shot trying to dodge responsibility.
"In any case, this 'princess who brings destruction' nonsense... Hah. Isn't that just an excuse for making war?"
The samurai's lackadaisical tone shifted.
"Also,"
The samurai turned around, void-like eyes now aflame.
"'Destroying the world' is an utterly stupid concept. You'll understand soon enough."
Vol. 3[]
The two, who have entered the field of battle, finally witness the true Avici. The truth behind the fires of war that have swept across the world will be revealed here!This volume comes with some super value-added extras!
People call war hell, but most are just describing it as such.
But what appeared before their eyes could only truly be called "hell."
The desolate earth, the withered trees, and people like the shambling dead.
It was like the life had been wrung from this place.
"Huh."
The samurai picked a husk of a leaf. It crumbled into dust immediately, floating away on the wind.
"It seems like the life has literally been wrung out from this place."
Conflict had raged around the capital for over a century now.
After the first decade, the resources and riches of the various warring nations had already been all but spent.
The thing that had sustained the bloodshed for so long was something known as Nakura's Hex.
Nakura's Hex was a terrifying sorcery that sucked the life of all living things and the land itself dry, giving it unto powerful samurai and feeding the war effort.
And those who used such depraved magics to dominate the land were scoundrels known as the Nakura Daimyo.
The Daimyo vied for dominance, but no matter who won, the earth would be further robbed of life.
This was the true face of the war that had raged for nearly a century now.
"And the ones who created the Hex are the Onmyouji who dwell in the Sky Tower at the center of the world."
Ignoring Princess Mina, who had wavered at the sight before her eyes, the samurai continued faintly,
"O 'princess who brings destruction'... Has this world not already been destroyed?"
Vol. 4[]
"Go back to hell, you jumped-up vengeful spirit!"The riveting flashback chapter! What lies within the warrior's buried past?Here comes a new chapter in the adventures of the princess who lost her nation and the warrior!
The nation of Kogami — a lifeless wasteland as far as the eye could see.
The barren fields stretched out into the horizon around a large sand dune where the two samurai faced each other.
One of them is our protagonist, and shall be named the green samurai to distinguish him from his compatriot.
The other is a new arrival to the story. We shall name him the pale samurai.
If this were a swashbuckler's tale, then they would have already taken up battle stances. But the two were not here to have a decisive match. They were just facing each other.
"Came back from hell, did you?"
The pale samurai said, the weight of time unknowable lying between them.
"Nostalgic, isn't it?"
The green samurai seemed quite happy.
"I don't get nostalgic over such things."
The pale samurai interrupted rudely.
The green samurai closed their eyes, as if sinking into the abyss of the past.
"'This will all end as long as we defeat the evil overlords.' That's what we believed then. Naive fools that we were — that was just the beginning of the nightmare."
"The thirteen samurai banded together to defeat the Nakura Daimyo who had been destroying this nation."
"But Kogami did not revive with the Daimyo gone, and the life-force of the land continued to bleed away."
"Not only that — Kogami, now bereft of its ruler, became a paradise for those who would plunder it."
"The heroes who had defeated the wicked overlord could not protect it in the end either."
"In the end, only two escaped."
"...Hey now, cut the reminiscence out for a second. We've got things to settle, don't we?"
Vol. 5[]
"If this world requires your sacrifice to be saved, then it might as well burn."Having reached the Sky Tower at the heart of the world at last, is this... finally the end of the pair's tale?
"I want to save this world!"
Princess Mina said.
"I've told you this many times before. There's no such thing as 'saving this world.' Now, this hasn't stopped idiots like me from trying, of course. But this world... it's doomed."
"I don't care. I'm a princess. Aren't princesses born to save the world?"
"No, I've never heard of any story that goes like that. And last I heard, you were the princess who brings destruction."
"Last I heard, someone said that this 'destruction' is actually the birth of new life."
"Well, I don't know where you heard that one, but such beliefs are old hat by now. If you wrote this drivel nowadays, people would chuck it into the nation of Tokoyo, and that would be for the best."
(The Princess covers her ears)
At the top of the Sky Tower, the samurai and princess argued in futility, as if no one was watching.
Well, I say that, but in fact there were quite a few other folk about dressed in the garb of onmyouji.
"So, uh, as you all know, Nakura's Hex was originally created to preserve the vitality of a world that was slowly declining."
As if unable to stand the conversation — and also to push the plot forward in their role as an NPC — the oldest onmyouji finally spoke.
"And that which can utilize this stored vitality..."
"So, could you get these thoughts out of your head?"
The samurai didn't seem to have heard the wizened onmyouji at all.
How long was this farce going to continue?
Vol. 6[]
The truth of the world is revealed — and what a terrible joke it is! Even when separated, the two cannot escape the chains of fate.This may be the final volume of "Princess Mina of the Fallen Nation," but our story isn't over yet!
"So, was the world saved?"
At the story's end, the samurai walked amidst the boundless desert.
The Sky Tower's plans were probably complete by now, and vitality remaining in the world had all been stored up.
There was no knowing if a new world had been created, but this one was most certainly done for.
Ah, what could one expect of a princess destined to destroy the world?
"Might as well destroy another world... if it exists."
And so the samurai embarked on a new journey.
(The remainder of this book concerns the story's setting, and features in large part the various wicked overlords and monstrous creatures that did not appear in the main narrative of the novel.)
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishPrincess Mina of the Fallen Nation—Chinese(Simplified)亡国的美奈姬Wángguó de Měinài JīPrincess Mina of the Fallen NationChinese(Traditional)亡國的美奈姬Wángguó de Měinài JīJapanese亡国の美奈姫Boukoku no Mina-himePrincess Mina of the Ruined KingdomKorean망국의 미나히메Mangguk-ui MinahimePrincess Mina of the Fallen Nation[• 1]SpanishMina, la princesa de la nación caídaMina, The Princess of the Fallen NationFrenchPrincesse Mina de la nation déchuePrincess Mina of the Fallen NationRussianМина, принцесса павшего народаMina, printsessa pavshego narodaMina, Princess of the Fallen NationThaiเจ้าหญิง Mina แห่งประเทศที่ล่มสลายChaoying Mina haeng prathet thi lomsalaiPrincess Mina of the Fallen NationVietnameseMina - Vong Quốc Công ChúaGermanPrinzessin Mina des gefallenen LandesPrincess Mina of the Fallen LandIndonesianPutri Mina dan Bangsa yang HancurPrincess Mina and the Fallen NationPortuguesePrincesa Mina da Nação CaídaPrincess Mina of the Fallen NationTurkishMağlup Ulusun Prensesi MinaPrincess Mina of the Fallen NationItalianLa principessa Mina della nazione caduta
↑ Korean: Korean version title is parody of Code Geass: Akito the Exiled.
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.1[Create New History]
Flowers for Princess Fischl
Type
1 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Mr. Nine
Location
Vol. 1
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Flowers for Princess Fischl is a Book Collection which can be bought from Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Trivia
2.1 Notes
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Vol. 1[]
The preliminary volume of the "Flowers for Princess Fischl" series.This work originally came in a violet and black wooden box as a limited edition gift, but many hardcore fans of the series who wanted to collect the whole saga were enraged by the great amount of content versus the small number of copies printed. Due to this, Yae Publishing House would name this book "Volume 0" and sell it separately. Eventually, the original work, the boxed collector's edition, and Volume O would all come to be regarded as standard by fans.
Phantasmagoria
"... The dream lives on."
Such words surely must appear the midst of every tale, and they are largely the words of the KaiserinKaiserinGerman for "empress" of the ImmernachtreichImmernachtreichGerman for "evernight-empire". This, surely, is not the enigma that concerns the greatest majority of readers, but we must still start here nonetheless.
Ozvaldo Hrafnavins
The mighty lord of the NachtrabenNachtrabenGerman for "night-raven". If Fischl's strength in battle might be considered a ten, and the Beasts of the World should have an average of fifteen, then Ozvaldo's strength may be considered thirteen. His great power was on display when he destroyed DämmerungDämmerungGerman for "twilight" in Volume 1.
*That said, the NachtvorhangNachtvorhangGerman for "night-curtain" is itself the nemesis of DämmerungDämmerungGerman for "twilight" anyway. As for the feelings that Ozvaldo holds towards Fischl, Mr. Nine does not believe it to be romance, but more likely a form of imprinting common to bird-kindred.
(Editor-in-Chief's Note: Regardless of what the author says, dear readers, you are free to interpret the personal relationships of the characters from Immernachtreich however you like.)
Aside from this, the title "Prince NachtrabenNachtrabenGerman for "night-raven"" is not a particularly high-flown one, considering that the night ravens have always been known for being conspirators and bearers of curses. Ozvaldo likely insisted on this title, for how could a mere "King of the Night" call himself thus before the Immernachtreich?
Beast of the World: Gesamtkunstwerk[Note 1]
In certain probabilities, this is the Beast of the World that the Immernachtreich would be faced with in this cycle. Its battle strength is around thirty.
In a distant causality, if the philosopher Zarathustra[Note 2] was not chosen, then the opera writer would have gained victory in the contest over the will of the world.
Once Gesamtkunstwerk takes the stage in the opera theater of the apocalypse, many more Beasts of the World that reside within the center of the universe will inexorably begin to appear as well.
In the final volume, the weakness of the Beast of the World: Saint of Seven Tears (whose combat strength was ten, and therefore equal to Fischl) was quite out of the ordinary, and the Saint merely wept for Zarathustra at first, a choice that seems undeserving of any blame.
Both Zarathustra and The Musician exist to give praise unto the Prinzessin der Vererteilung [sic]. One proclaims the agony she suffers in her heart, while the other proclaims the grandeur of her travails. The Prinzessin, of course, will not favor the latter, for of such things would she be ashamed.
Sommernachtgarten[Note 3]
It is said that those who are highly skilled in the magical arts will possess their own unique domains of consciousness. Their loves, hatreds, yearnings, jealousies, adherence, and passions of the soul will be stored here. In the fictional tales of other novels, this space is called Summerland.[Note 4]
The Sommernachtgarten of the Prinzessin is something in this vein. That this concept was never well-explored in the end remains quite the pity.
The Suspected Eternal Return
Quite a few of the finer points of the tale have caused people to wonder if the KaiserinKaiserinGerman for "empress" of the Immernachtreich once experienced all that Fischl has. Fischl's father is undoubtedly not a mere shade. He is majestic and mighty, and helps Fischl to dispel her confusions. As for Fischl's mother, the KaiserinKaiserinGerman for "empress", her actions and deeds show her to have quite an interesting character indeed. But she will only speak one line, which is, as was noted earlier in this text, "the dream lives on."
In the final volume, Fischl's mother had already faded away, and so this volume, naturally, did not have this preceding line.
But as the universe entered its denouement and all things within it flowed into the Immernachtreich, she spoke another line of enigmatic intent—
"Find meaning somewhere. The night deepens."
"Find meaning somewhere. The night deepens, but the dream lives on."
Dear readers, I hope that you will all find happiness in this world where the sun still rises each day.
Collection of Questions and Answers
Q: Dear Mr. Nine, may I ask what the relationship between the Celestial Emperor's daughter in "Legend of the Shattered Halberd" and Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort is?
A: I felt that the tragedy that unfolded toward the end of Volume 5 of "Legend of the Shattered Halberd" was due to the male protagonist, and the Celestial Emperor's daughter's attraction to him. As such, I wanted to write a Prinzessin der Vererteilung [sic] who had no need of a male protagonist. This was the scaffold that would come to be "Flowers for Princess Fischl."
Eventually, though, I did write the sixth volume of "Halberd," which rescued the ending. There was probably some cross-pollination in the process of writing two series at the same time, but I was personally quite pleased with the result.
Q: In a fight between Mir's dad (Khan the Asura and his sword Laevatain) at full strength versus Gesamtkunstwerk, who would come out on top?
A: I originally intended to refuse to answer this question, but the editor-in-chief said that she'd axe my next manuscript if I didn't. In which case, my Mora would be on Gesamtkunstwerk.
Q: Mr. Nine, you mentioned in "Farewell Frau Welt"[Note 5] that you were suffering from hair loss. Are you doing better now?
A: Could the Yae Publishing House not accept this sort of question? And do people actually read what gets added in these new editions?
(Editor-in-Chief's Note: Oh, but the readers are very concerned about you! And yes, they are also very concerned with the purchase of new editions.)
Trivia[]
Fischl styles herself after the main character of this novel and named Oz after the main character's most loyal partner, Ozvaldo von Hrafnavines.
Notes[]
↑ Gesamtkunstwerk (Chinese: 最大杰作Gesamtkunstwerk "The Greatest Masterpiece Gesamtkunstwerk") is a German term that roughly translates to "total artwork." In art, it refers to works that incorporate many or all forms of art.
↑ Zarathustra (Chinese: 苏鲁支) is another name for Zoroaster, an ancient Iranian prophet who founded Zoroastrianism. The term "Zarathustra," in both English and Chinese, is also commonly used to refer to Friedrich Nietzsche's work Thus Spoke Zarathustra.
↑ Sommernachtgarten is German for "summer night garden." The original Chinese term is 夏宫灵囿 "Summer Palace Spirit Garden". The term 囿 specifically refers to ancient Chinese gardens built for emperors and nobles to hunt and play in. This term is the same one used in the description for Midsummer Courtyard and is also referred in the name of a soundtrack, Sieh an, mein Sommernachtgarten!.
↑ In the original Chinese version, the term "Summerland" is written as 夏土（Summerland） lit. "Summer Earth/Soil", indicating that the Chinese characters should be read as Summerland.
↑ Frau Welt is German for "Lady World." She is an allegorical figure representing the deceptive appearance of worldly things. Seen from the front, she is a beautiful and attractive woman, however her back is horrid — filled with pus and covered with vermin.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishFlowers for Princess Fischl—Chinese(Simplified)菲谢尔皇女夜谭Fēixiè'ěr Huángnǚ Yè TánNighttime Stories of Princess FischlChinese(Traditional)菲謝爾皇女夜譚Fēixiè'ěr Huángnǚ Yè TánJapaneseフィッシュル皇女物語Fisshuru Koujo MonogatariTale of Princess FischlKorean피슬 황녀 야화Piseul Hwangnyeo YahwaPrincess Fischl Nights[• 1]SpanishFlores para la princesa FischlFlowers for Princess FischlFrenchFleurs pour la Princesse FischlFlowers for Princess FischlRussianЦветы для принцессы ФишльTsvety dlya printsessy Fishl'Flowers for Princess FischlThaiFischl เจ้าหญิงแห่งความมืดFischl Princess of DarknessVietnameseCổ Tích Về Công Chúa FischlThe Fairy Tale of Princess FischlGermanDie Nacht der Prinzessin FischlThe Night of Princess FischlIndonesianBunga untuk Tuan Putri FischlFlowers for Princess FischlPortugueseFlores para a Princesa FischlTurkishPrenses Fischl'ın ÇiçekleriPrincess Fischl's FlowersItalianFiori per la principessa Fischl
↑ Korean: Korean version title is motivated from one of Korean translations of One Thousand and One Nights.
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.1[Create New History]
The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin
Type
2 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Found in House of Daena
Vol. 2
Found in House of Daena
The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin is a Book Collection found in Sumeru.
The series is a sequel to the Quest Item book The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle, featuring the same two core characters: the Jinni in the magic bottle and the human boy she calls "Raven."
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Trivia
4 Video Guides
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A Jinni tells a tale on the night wind, a story about itself and a shepherd. It's a story of unknown origin and is full of absurdities.
"The next story I'll tell comes from the age of Shiruyeh, the Lord of Pestilence, though at this time, that vassal ruler had not yet gained notoriety for Shiruyeh's Plague, nor had his subjects been scattered amidst a world of darkness, left to become wild creatures who had lost their language and faces..."
The fairy of the moon maiden's city paused for a moment, then stretched out lazily. The moonlit silver coins jangled on her wrists and ankles as if displeased with the jouncing of the Sumpter Beast.
"Anyway, little raven, do you know the meaning of the name "Shiruyeh"?"
"Uh... 'One who is ridiculous and despicable'?"
The youth whom she had rather one-sidedly named "Raven" answered casually. Suffering the heat of the sun and the threat of quicksand, he had little interest in his travel companion's stories.
"In our tribe, 'Shiruyeh' is a disgraceful name branded only onto the foreheads of exiled chiefs and spoken only in curses and mockery. It's a tradition of ours... But I'm sure that the traditions of other tribes are not so different."
"Haha! Mortal awareness is just like quicksand, shifting with the winds of time. How bizarre!"
"Raven" replied perfunctorily, drawing an unexpectedly enthusiastic taunt from the fairy,
"Now, actually... in the lost language, 'Shiruyeh' means 'unweaned lion cub'. His father Parvezravan gave this name to his newborn son, oblivious that he, the vassal king who referred to himself as the 'Spirit of Unceasing Victory,' would be torn apart by his own beloved 'lion cub'..."
The fairy paused, seemingly afraid that her audience was getting bored, and exchanged glances with the youth before continuing her tale:
"As for this Parvezravan, legend has it that in the days when mortals ruled as vassal kings, he was one of the mightiest among them..."
"Parvezravan was not, in fact, the original name of this vassal king. As the spirits tell it, he was an orphan who was raised in the nest of the giant bird Ghoghnus and given the name 'Kisra,' or 'one who has been bestowed a good name.' Later, his aspiration to greatness and the aid of this divine bird saw him adopted by the vassal king Ormazd Shah, and he would eventually rise to become a sage and hero among mortals.
In the songs of the now-vanished desert people, Kisra plundered the four corners of the land in the name of his king, Ormazd Shah. By his hand, the bronze and mortar towers of ninety-nine cities were destroyed or abandoned. By his hand, the leaders of ninety-nine nomadic tribes were defeated. And by his hand, ninety-nine sages with knowledge of the order of the stars were bound in golden chains, then led back to the towering royal city of Gurabad to be imprisoned.
At that time, the promised land of "Valivija" was engulfed by wild, gilded sands, and one of the three living gods had fallen. Amidst a century of chaos and confusion, the scattered mortals ensconced themselves in vassal states until my lord Al-Ahmar and the Sage-King of the Greenwood gathered their subjects. Once the oasis paradise was reconstructed, the age of the vassal kings, the age of division, finally came to a close.
Returning to our preceding tale, Ormazd's crown grew all the more valuable on the back of Kisra's exploits, until finally his own neck could no longer bear its weight, forcing him to leave it ever suspended from chains of pure gold in the center of the main hall.
The vassal king Ormazd Shah rewarded young Kisra's unrivaled achievements amply: He bestowed the name "Parvez" upon his adopted son and offered his daughter Shirin's hand to him in marriage. In the ethereal songs of the spirits, as the heir of both the mortal vassal king and the foremother Liloufar, she possessed superior wisdom and was blessed with an infinite lifespan and, like the original sages, could foresee the fortunes and misfortunes of the present moment.
If Kisra Parvez had stopped there, his reputation as a hero would have continued unblemished. But one cursed day, Ormazd and all 300 of his offspring suddenly died in one night in the city of Gurabad. Following such an unthinkable event, the throne naturally fell to Kisra, who added "Ravan" to his title and became the most powerful vassal king among mortals.
The fairy abruptly stopped her tale and looked up at the red sun that was now sinking behind the sand dunes. She then whistled sharply, signaling to the youth to halt the Sumpter Beast and prepare to make camp for the night under the crumbling stone pillars.
"Some people say..."
The fairy lithely leaped down from the Sumpter Beast and circled across the sands in a manner not unlike the long-lost dancers of Setaria, letting the moon's first light evenly coat her translucent skin in its silvery sheen. The scent of myrrh swirled around her myriad braids as the golden bells rang out into the distance.
Then, the fairy leaned over slightly, balancing on the tips of her toes as she laughed softly.
Some people say that the tragedy that befell the city of Gurabad was the handiwork of the hero Kisra.
Some people say that the night the tragedy took place, an evil, clawless bird flew out from the redoubt and wailed throughout the night without stopping to eat or drink. The castle was then struck by a plague of rats with human faces, which gnawed at the gold chains from which the crown hung, causing the cumbersome thing to crash heavily to the ground, broken and bent.
People say that the crown made such an earth-shaking noise when it fell that even the Fellahin servants, who had settled and toiled far from the redoubt, trembled with fear at this tyrant they had never met.
Later still, it is said that an adventurer found the ancient crypts of the city of Gurabad beneath the gilded sands, in which were hidden the withered, massive remains of Ormazd and his offspring, An ancient, inscrutable inscription was left on each of the shriveled bodies...
"I hope this story frightened you."
The fairy watched keenly as the mortal boy before her drank from the waterskin.
The tribes of the desert regard water with an instinctive restraint and prudence. Spirits, however, are born of pure elemental energy and know neither thirst nor the satisfaction of the pleasure of luxury, just like the ancient princess Shirin in this lament.
"As for the daughter of the foremother Liloufar I mentioned, Shirin — why, our story has only just begun..."
The fairy smiled slyly again, her eyes like an amalgam of amber and gold, her smiling face like the princess of her ancient homeland.
Vol. 2[]
A Jinni tells a tale on the night wind, a story about itself and a shepherd. It's a story of unknown origin and is full of absurdities.
At that time, the promised land of "Valivija" was engulfed by wild, gilded sands, and one of the three living gods had fallen. Amidst a century of chaos and confusion, the scattered mortals ensconced themselves in vassal states until my lord Al-Ahmar and the Sage-King of the Greenwood gathered their subjects. Once the oasis paradise was reconstructed, the age of the vassal kings, the age of division, finally came to a close.
"Yes, you've mentioned this part of the story already."
The youth's tone was rather impatient as he gazed at the full moon hanging in the starry sky, using the positions of its companion stars to determine the next day's route.
But the spirit knew that he was, in truth, listening earnestly to her story. She couldn't refrain from letting out a triumphant snort, but was immediately annoyed by this unbecoming action:
"The mortal mind is as fickle as it is forgetful. How should I know whether you were listening or not?"
Back to the subject at hand — Shirin, according to the spirits' lamentations, was the daughter of the mortal hero Ormazd and the fairy Liloufar, the Daughter of the Water Lily. Born upon a lily pad amid fragrant dewdrops, the white ibis blessed her, and the cobra bequeathed to her a cerulean pearl, and even the mighty giant crocodile bowed to her in worship.
As the foremother of the spirits, before she delivered her daughter to the mortal vassal king, Liloufar prophesied three times: First, that Shirin would fall in love with a great hero, and the progeny of their union would surpass their father. Second, that many of Shirin's relatives would enjoy a sweet end, and third, that Shirin alone would be given possession of her father's kingdom.
Then, Liloufar gave three admonitions to her mortal darling: First, that her joy would bring tears to her father's eyes. Second, that they should no longer feast at the same table as their daughter after she was wed, and third, that their daughter's heir would be an ill omen upon the king's land.
The king, however, only smiled at these prophecies and admonitions.
"Later, Shirin's father offered her hand in marriage to the great hero 'Parvezravan,' fulfilling the first prophecy, right?"
The youth said, interrupting the spirit's story.
"That's correct, though, not entirely so..."
The spirit laid a finger on the tip of the youth's nose and the latter hurriedly moved away, his face flushed as if he feared she might put some ethereal, deathly curse on him. The spirit once again found herself amused by such an innocent act.
By the time Shirin grew a little older and more cognizant, the vision her mother laid out for her became a lingering curse. She spent her days awaiting her chance to fall in love with a hero, waiting for the day when she would inherit her father's kingdom, and longing for that sweet and perfect future — but it never came.
Truth be told, Shirin's marriage to the hero Kisra was not a happy one — after all, mortal heroes are all warped people harboring the ambition to rule. The daughter of Liloufar carried the pride of the spirits, and thus she found the golden trap of the mortal hero's supposed affections hard to endure, and she found no peace between the bed and the hearth. And so at last, a vivid hatred coalesced from this passionless, dull, rotten life — the same hatred that those imprisoned in the silver bottle carry.
Later, on the night of the infamous grand banquet, a few lowly slaves — mages of the Mazandaran Oasis, or perhaps some illiterate Fellahin servants — dripped scorpion venom into musk honey and offered it to the vassal king Ormazd and his 300 heirs. They then watched as they sunk into the sweet, dreamless landscape of death, drowning in the fat and blood of the wretched as their blood and tears flowed freely...
And on this night, all who remained with dreams left to enjoy were Shirin, who had been excluded from the party by her own father, and her reluctant co-conspirator and husband, Kisra.
The lowly regicides were thereupon submerged in the honey pot as punishment by the new king, and they cursed him with their last breaths as they choked on the sticky honey.
And from the new king's mouth gushed blackened, dirtied, and bloodied lies, which gradually stained his hero's reputation a deep black...
And so, the second prophecy was fulfilled.
Later, Shiruyeh, the son of Kisra Parvezravan, grew to adulthood beloved by his mother, but was banished by his father from the towering city of Gurabad. Made by his father to hide his face and flee on a fast steed, Shiruyeh was henceforth forbidden from setting foot in the city again. Undoubtedly terrified of the fairy-mother Liloufar's warning, it was Parvezravan's fixation that gave rise to the cowardice that spurred this decision.
And so, Shirin once again found the perfect opportunity for revenge in the vassal king's unfettered fear.
One night, she disguised herself as a divine princess of the temple to the moon goddess and met with her prodigal son who had sojourned there. In the lingering silvery light that danced amidst the dew-dotted lilies, she gave the masked wayfarer this false, illusory prophecy:
"Is the tyranny of the wanderer's father not his greatest misfortune? O darling of the moon goddess, everywhere the moonlight touches is yours to rule, and every seed you sow shall grow and flourish. Since the moonlight has granted you a good bow and a sharp blade, why do you suffer that coward idling upon the throne? Why not muster up the courage to face your hatred, to face yourself?"
Legend has it that just as Shiruyeh hesitated in indecision, a gust of wind rushed through the night and blew the veil Shirin had used to conceal her face away.
Seeing that familiar face, the young man who had been forced to cover his was instantly overcome with terror and shame. He fled the sullied temple in a panic, and laughter soft as the ringing of a bell and the cruel moonlight bore witness to his fear.
The story from here is a lackluster one: The peerless vassal king "Parvezravan" would be stabbed to death in his bed by his own masked, unfilial son, and his magnificent bed — once adorned with sapphire and golden animal horns — would be indelibly stained with his blood.
The dirge of the spirits then goes like this: After committing this crime of treason, Shiruyeh wept bitterly before his mother Shirin in repentance. But Shirin did not reprimand him. Rather she took her beloved son into her arms, removed the brass mask symbolizing his exile, and left him with an affectionate kiss of benediction.
After Shiruyeh claimed the throne, he was long tormented by inescapable nightmares until finally, on a frenzied night of wandering, he fell into a deep black chasm in the earth and disappeared. Later, a great plague emerged from that chasm and swallowed up half of the souls in the city of Gurabad. The kingdom, having lost its vassal king and his servants, fell into ruin and was gradually devoured by that insatiable yellow sand.
The scattered survivors of this calamity called it "Shiruyeh's Plague" — the divine retribution invited by the absurdly short-lived despot himself.
As for his mother Shirin, Liloufar's third prophecy was indeed fulfilled — She and the heir she bore won true freedom in a kingdom ravaged by vengeance, and they became evil apparitions, death knells to the conceited.
"Some people say that Shirin was later subdued by my lord Al-Ahmar, who detained her in a magic silver bottle. Others say that she still roams the desert, tormenting overconfident adventurers and tirelessly searching for the beloved child that she lost to that dark world..."
The fairy smiled proudly, having theatrically concluded the story.
At this time, the moon was already high in the sky, and the distant, ancient time when the desert had not yet become a desert was nigh. It was time for the divine princess to hold the sacrifice.
Trivia[]
The history of the fall of Gurabad recounted in this book differs from the actual events discussed in the Dirge of Bilqis and Desert Pavilion Chronicle in a key way, omitting the significant role of Liloupar, the true architect of Gurabad's fall:
The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin attributes the assassination of Shirin's family primarily to Kisra Parvezravan, but it is revealed in the Dirge of Bilqis that the plan was first concocted by Liloupar, Shirin's jinni mother.
It also incorrectly attributes the temptation of Shiruyeh to his mother, Shirin, instead of Liloupar, his grandmother.
The Brass Mask Rebellion of commoners rallying around Shiruyeh under the alias Khorramdin is omitted, as is the enslavement of Shirin's other jinn children in machinery by her husband.
Liloupar was critical to the success of the Brass Masks by rallying the commoners to Khorramdin, so the Rebellion's exclusion from the narrative further obscures her significance.
The book describes how King Deshret imprisoned Shirin in a magic bottle afterwards, when we know that it was Liloupar who was imprisoned instead.
This opens the possibility that the jinni in the story is Shirin herself per the final paragraph, though this is ambiguous
Video Guides[]
"The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin" Series Location
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin—Chinese(Simplified)希鲁伊与希琳的故事Xīlǔyī yǔ Xīlín de GùshìChinese(Traditional)希魯伊與希琳的故事Xīlǔyī yǔ Xīlín de GùshìJapaneseシェロイとシリンの物語Sheroi to Shirin no MonogatariThe Tale of Shiruyeh and ShirinKorean시루이와 시린의 이야기Siruiwa Sirin-ui IyagiThe Story of Shiruyeh and ShirinSpanishShiruyeh y ShirínShiruyeh and ShirinFrenchConte de Shiruyeh et ShirinTale of Shiruyeh and ShirinRussianИстория Шируе и СиринIstoriya Shiruye i SirinThe Story of Shiruyeh and ShirinThaiเรื่องราวของ Shiruyeh และ ShirinVietnameseCâu Chuyện Về Shiruyeh Và ShirinThe Tale of Shiruyeh and ShirinGermanDie Geschichte über Shiruyeh und ShirinThe Tale About Shiruyeh and ShirinIndonesianKisah Shiruyeh dan ShirinThe Tale of Shiruyeh and ShirinPortugueseA Lenda de Shiruyeh e ShirinThe Legend of Shiruyeh and ShirinTurkishShiruyeh ve Shirin'in HikayesiShiruyeh and Shirin's TaleItalianLa storia di Shiruyeh e Shirin
Change History[]
Released in Version 3.0[Create New History]
The Folio of Foliage
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Found in House of Daena
Vol. 2
Found in House of Daena
Vol. 3
Found in House of Daena
The Folio of Foliage is a Book Collection found in Sumeru.
After the completing of the Archon Quest Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies in Chapter III: Act V - Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises, parts of the volumes are retroactively changed.
Contents
1 Version 1
1.1 Vol. 1
1.2 Vol. 2
1.3 Vol. 3
2 Version 2
2.1 Vol. 1
2.2 Vol. 2
2.3 Vol. 3
3 Video Guides
4 Other Languages
5 Change History
Version 1[]
The following text appears before completing Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies.
Vol. 1[]
A biography written by researchers from ancient Sumeru. It records the trail of the Dendro Archon during the times of calamity.
...I don't dare presume to mention her true name, let alone overstep my bounds as an earthly being to judge her divinity. I, Sunitha Cosamvi, a servant of shallow intellect, have merely recorded the stories heard from the sages who followed her in the past and nowhere else. These words are as true and evident as my own existence.
When the moon's shadow shattered, hordes of beasts emerged from the deepest depths of the abyss and devoured living creatures by the thousands. Of those she created, none could escape their destined annihilation. The goodness, peace, and wisdom she had bestowed — all perished before this pure malice without exception. Under that sneering waning moon, the black tide of decay surged over the deserts and through the valleys, turning clear springs once interlaced with roses into puddles of filth, defiling the earth as mortals trembled with despair. The sages called it The Black Tide, for it was a dark flood that swallowed up fields, villages, and cities.
She witnessed this all with her own eyes and wept bitterly for the sorrow and suffering of the living. Her tears fell to the ground, dispelling the foul flames and giving birth to blossoms abounding with sweet dew from the once barren and scorched earth. However, the root cause of the blight still lay beneath the earth, and the shadow of death continued to obscure the once luminous moonlight. Thus, she vowed to save the creatures of the earth, embarking on a final journey together with her followers.
Vol. 2[]
A biography written by researchers from ancient Sumeru. It records the trail of the Dendro Archon during the times of calamity.
She followed the dappled light and shade until she entered a long-since ruined forest. With each step she took, a thousand Nilotpala Lotuses bloomed in her wake. Every calamity — raging fires, death, and destruction — all receded before the wonder of her wisdom. Fragrant flowers bloomed and proliferated again in this dead domain and remain as abundant today as the gravel in the Ardravi River. Even hurricanes abated into gentle exhalations before her singing, causing the bells on her lapels to sway as they rang out elegantly. All the spirits, their envoys, humans, and the inhuman rejoiced and praised her name, for she is indeed the most sagacious and the most merciful.
In the depths of the forest, she collected grass to use as an instrument, picked flowers for a crown, and played a flawless tune with a Karrenay. In an instant, thousands of demonic troops were reduced to dust and scattered to the four winds, never to be found again. She gently brushed away the tears of the forest creatures and soothed their anguish, just as she once blew the wind of life across the barren sea of sand, like the emissary of an eternal oasis from time immemorial.
But this land remained broken, its heart devoured by evil spirits and monsters who made it their dwelling — a cavern of the damned where neither sun, moon, nor fire shine. The dust they took for treasure and the sludge served as their delicacies, like birds clad in feathers but unable to soar in the skies. She decided that she would go to the dark cave and enter that evil place that none might depart, continuing on this path of no restitution, this sojourn of utmost purity and mercy.
She stepped alone to that emptied earthly heart and softly touched its timeless face, becoming the immortal Gaokerena and the earth itself. Every thread of spiritual knowledge and every sweet-smelling plant is her undying will. Another flourishing sea of flowers rolled around her, jade in color, rosy in fragrance and dewy as heavenly raiment. The songs of a hundred birds surrounded her, praising the life that she had at last reclaimed, like a mortal trading their old clothes for fresh ones, casting off their original shackles, and ascending to the eternal temple.
Vol. 3[]
A biography written by researchers from ancient Sumeru. It records the trail of the Dendro Archon during the times of calamity.
Many people had never before heard her voice, or if they had, they did not know it was her. Those who disseminate well because they hear words from far and wide are as rare as those who teach well because they understand the truth. Her will is all-pervading and as indestructible as intellect itself. None can destroy the indestructible, for there has never been an absence of existence in this world, nor the existence of absence.
It must be known that the forest was once overrun by a black tide of beasts. The moonlight spilling over the still water was as shattered as the dream it reflected, and the endless labyrinth too collapsed in the burning flames. The lord of all animals let out a furious roar with its dying breath, then fell protecting all that she had entrusted to him. But the memories themselves did not shatter, collapse, nor fall. Like the wisdom she left behind, they were unborn, imperishable, eternal, and ancient.
Following her guidance, the princess of the kingdom of dreams gently snapped off the white branches and rebuilt the verdant hunting grounds from the withered fallen leaves, while the children of the forest, having set forth their ambition, were able to sleep peacefully in the end once more. No matter how much they suffer, the hunter always finds their way home — This is the first and final promise she made to the children, and to the adults who were once children. Perhaps the moon dust scattered over the world will one day fade away like morning dew, but for those things that remain in memories — all those sweet dreams and thoughts — their purity will remain as unchanged as a pearl that even the grinding and whittling of a thousand winds and sands may not alter.
Version 2[]
The following text appears after completing Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies.
Vol. 1[]
A biography written by researchers from ancient Sumeru. It records the trail of the Dendro Archon during the times of calamity.
...I dare not presume to mention her true name, let alone overstep my bounds as an earthly being to judge the divinity she displayed then. I, Sunitha Cosamvi, a servant of shallow intellect, have merely recorded the stories heard from the sages who followed her in the past and nowhere else. These words are as true and evident as my own existence.
When the moon's shadow shattered, hordes of beasts emerged from the deepest depths of the abyss and devoured living creatures by the thousands. Of those she created, none could escape their destined annihilation. The goodness, peace, and wisdom she had bestowed — all perished before this pure malice without exception. Under that sneering waning moon, the black tide of decay surged over the deserts and through the valleys, turning clear springs once interlaced with roses into puddles of filth, defiling the earth as mortals trembled with despair. The sages called it The Black Tide, for it was a dark flood that swallowed up fields, villages, and cities.
She witnessed this all with her own eyes and wept bitterly for the sorrow and suffering of the living. Her tears fell to the ground, dispelling the foul flames and giving birth to blossoms abounding with sweet dew from the once barren and scorched earth. However, the root cause of the blight still lay beneath the earth, and the shadow of death continued to obscure the once luminous moonlight. Thus, she vowed to save the creatures of the earth, embarking on a radiant journey together with her servants.
Vol. 2[]
A biography written by researchers from ancient Sumeru. It records the trail of the Dendro Archon during the times of calamity.
She followed the dappled light and shade until she entered a long-since ruined forest. With each step she took, a thousand Nilotpala Lotuses bloomed in her wake. Every calamity — raging fires, death, and destruction — all receded before the wonder of her wisdom. Fragrant flowers bloomed and proliferated again in this dead domain and remain as abundant today as the gravel in the Ardravi River. Even hurricanes abated into gentle exhalations before her singing, causing the bells on her lapels to sway as they rang out elegantly. All the spirits, their envoys, humans, and the inhuman rejoiced and praised her name, for she is indeed the most sagacious and the most merciful.
In the depths of the forest, she collected grass to use as an instrument, picked flowers for a crown, and played a flawless tune with a Karrenay. In an instant, thousands of demonic troops were reduced to dust and scattered to the four winds, never to be found again. She gently brushed away the tears of the forest creatures and soothed their anguish, just as she once blew the wind of life across the barren sea of sand, like the emissary of an eternal oasis from time immemorial.
But this land remained broken, its heart devoured by evil spirits and monsters who made it their dwelling — a cavern of the damned where neither sun, moon, nor fire shine. The dust they took for treasure and the sludge served as their delicacies, like birds clad in feathers but unable to soar in the skies. So she made a great wish, vowing that she would go into those cankered, rotted courts, setting forth on her sojourn to cleanse the withered land.
All the spirits, their envoys, humans, and the inhuman all watched as she entered the hollowed heart of the mortal world and touched its timeless face. Thus did all the goodness, peace, and wisdom that she had granted unto the world become the immortal Gaokerena, indeed, become the very earth itself. This was the moment when the pure lotuses would bloom. A flourishing sea of flowers rolled all about her, and like jade it appeared, rosy in fragrance and dewy as heavenly raiment. The songs of a hundred birds surrounded her, praising the youth that she had reclaimed. The years lost by the children of humanity were nowhere to be found again, like the wind that flows through the forest, but she returned in spite of all things, showing her incandescent divinity to the world once more, just as she had in the beginning when she sowed the first seeds into the desert sands. It is just as the hymn says:
The path was made straight long ago by the path of a great vow; to break all chains and relieve all woes, and all things sure to know.
The auspice of its radiant light drove foes and demons out; and amidst the rotting smoke did holy wisdom newly sprout.
Behold wisdom's returning light, unclouded near or far; like sunlight through the morning sky, the moon through dome of stars.
The lotuses do richly bloom in wisdom's radiant blaze; amidst this paradise of faith, I lift my hands in praise.
Vol. 3[]
A biography written by researchers from ancient Sumeru. It records the trail of the Dendro Archon during the times of calamity.
Many have never heard her voice, and even those who heard knew not that it was her — and still she heard their wishes. And many have never seen her face, and even those who saw her knew not that it was her — and still she watched over their dreams. For few are those who tell well the tales they hear from afar, and rare are those who teach the truth they have divined with clarity. Even today, her will permeates all, and she dwells in the Sanctuary of Surasthana watching over the dreams of all who live in this land — just as she did when she returned and commanded the queen of the realm of dreams to break the pure white branches and rebuild the viridescent hunting ground from amidst the withered leaves.
The forest was once overrun by a tide of black beasts, and the endless labyrinth crumbled amidst the flames. The lord of all animals let out a furious roar with its dying breath, then fell protecting all that she had entrusted to him. But her lovely dream could never be snatched away by any woe — for so long as people wait for the next night's dream expectantly, then there shall be new memories, tranquil flowers that bloom betwixt morning dew and moon dust.
This is the promise that she made to the dreamers, the first and final oath. For memories are like pearls — tossed about by wind and sand though they may be, their true, pure color shall never be changed. All beautiful dreams are like the newborn grass — though they may be consumed by sudden flame, the warm spring breeze shall bring them swaying to life again.
Video Guides[]
"The Folio of Foliage" Series Location
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Folio of Foliage—Chinese(Simplified)遐叶论经Xiá Yè Lùn JīngThe Sutra of Leaves From a Long TimeChinese(Traditional)遐葉論經Xiá Yè Lùn JīngJapanese遐葉論Kayouron‍[!][!]Assumed readingThe Sutra of Leaves From a Long TimeKorean오래된 나뭇잎 경전Oraedoen Namunnip GyeongjeonOld Leaf ScripturesSpanishLas enseñanzas del bosqueThe Teachings of the ForestFrenchFolios de feuillageFolios of FoliageRussianУчение листвыUcheniye listvyDoctrine of FoliageThaiบทตีพิมพ์แห่งใบไม้แรมปีVietnameseLuận Kinh Cổ XưaGermanDas Folio des LaubwerksThe Folio of FoliageIndonesianFolio DedaunanFolio of LeavesPortugueseFólio das FolhagensTurkishKatlanmış YapraklarFolded LeavesItalianIl foglio del fogliameThe Folio of the Foliage
Change History[]
Released in Version 3.0[Create New History]
Scroll of Streaming Song
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Found in House of Daena
Vol. 2
Found in House of Daena
Vol. 3
Found in House of Daena
Scroll of Streaming Song is a Book Collection found in Sumeru.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Trivia
4.1 Etymology
5 Video Guides
6 Notes
7 Other Languages
8 Change History
9 References
Vol. 1[]
A torn page discovered in the desert ruins and retrieved by researchers from the Vahumana school of the Akademiya. The author of this page has yet to be confirmed.
...When the Mistress of Pushpavatika heard this, she did not hesitate to humble herself.
Resolute, she descended upon the grand palace of (...) with the intention of testing the princess's wisdom.
Countless maids, servants, and escorts surrounded the ever-gleaming princess,
All dressed in fine linen and silk, like thousands of daytime stars wreathed around the only shining moon.
(Herbad of Haravatat Tafazzoli's Remarks: There is a mistranslation here — The word "silk" in the last sentence should be translated as "a textile that no one had ever seen before" so as not to lead the reader to confuse it with Liyue's regional specialty. Additionally, the "grand palace" mentioned in the second sentence is not a true "palace" in the original text, nor does it refer to any actual "building." Rather, it refers to "a land where the divine is present." It would seem that the researchers of Vahumana who undertook the translation of this volume did not really understand the language of that era, but I shall earnestly annotate this document all the same.)
...The sweet fragrance lingered on the princess on that (hedge? garden? battlefield?),
Like a stream winding around the shattered silver moonlight under the shade of a tree.
From ancient times till now, none have ever beheld such beauty as this,
Just as none have ever witnessed the descent of morning frost in the seventh month.
(Herbad of Haravatat Tafazzoli's Remarks: The word in the first sentence, of which the meaning cannot be determined for the time being, could also be translated as "farmland" or "cemetery".
Herbad of Vahumana Yarshater's Remarks: Many thanks for your comments, Master Tafazzoli. Now we're even more confused as to who the author of this book is writing about.)
...Thus, the Mistress of Pushpavatika spoke:
"Praise be to the Winged One, lord over all the kingdoms of the land."
"I am a spirit created at the beginning, I am a flickering illusion, I am the shimmering light that flows from the eyes of the creator."
"People in far-flung lands sing praises of your wisdom. I wonder then if you could help me to unravel something that has long bewildered me?"
"I will give you these spices, gold, and precious stones as a token of my appreciation if you can solve my three riddles."
That princess of (...) answered thusly:
"Praise be to the Winged One, the truth that rules over all the kingdoms of the land."
"I am the owner of yesterday and the master of tomorrow morning, but never have I seen beauty and elegance such as yours."
"Mistress of Pushpavatika, whatever doubts you may harbor in your mind, you may raise them with me without reservation."
"For these spices, gold, and precious stones, even when added together, cannot compare to the value of imparting knowledge."
Vol. 2[]
A torn page discovered in the desert ruins and retrieved by researchers from the Vahumana school of the Akademiya. The author of this page has yet to be confirmed.
Thus, the Mistress of Pushpavatika spoke again:
"Benevolent Princess, if your sincerity is true,"
"Then allow me to recite the first riddle."
"What is cold as the dead while alive,"
"Yet gives warmth upon death?"
That princess of (...) answered thusly:
"You speak of the fragile rose of late spring. Even when covered in thorns, her beauty shines through."
"Her flowers plucked to make perfume, her stems snipped into the wicks of oil lamps."
"Lovers throughout history have been smitten by her, and even the king in red admires her beauty."
"But the rose has never pined for anyone. She merely withers with the new moon and morning dew."
The Mistress of Pushpavatika secretly approved, yet her beautiful face remained as calm as ever.
Taking a casual step forward, she recited the second riddle.
So said the Mistress of Pushpavatika:
"O wise Princess, you have answered my first riddle."
"But from the stars to the abyss, many inexplicable secrets still exist in the world."
"O wise Princess, if your wisdom is truly as the legends of the people say,"
"Please answer my second riddle as you did the first."
"What rises from the earth, then descends from the sky,"
"No one has seen it, yet it sees all,"
"As above, so below, and as at the bottom, so too, the top,"
"Yet only top to bottom may be, and never bottom to top?"
That princess of (...) answered thusly:
"You speak of the universal law created in heaven, the divine laws established in the beginning."
"No one has seen the eternal law, yet it governs all."
"One may only bow down and worship Vaana of the heavenly spirits — no arrogation, deception, or trickery is permitted."
"If one dares to imitate the forbidden arts, only calamity awaits at the edge of divine knowledge."
Vol. 3[]
A torn page discovered in the desert ruins and retrieved by researchers from the Vahumana school of the Akademiya. The author of this page has yet to be confirmed.
The Mistress of Pushpavatika almost jumped for joy, but her beautiful face remained cold.
Bowing ever so slightly, she recited her third riddle.
Thus said the Mistress of Pushpavatika:
"O wise Princess, you have grasped the secrets between the stars and abyss."
"But there are more things in this world than the transient — for some things are eternal in their brilliance."
"O wise Princess, if your wisdom is truly as the legends of the people say,"
"Please answer my final question as you did my second riddle."
"What cannot stop arrows, yet can stop destruction,"
"Cannot destroy armor, yet can destroy cities,"
"Does not submit to envoys from above, nor kingdoms down below,"
"What can neither gods nor demons, for all their might, prevail over?"
That princess of (...) answered thusly:
"You speak of endless wisdom, it is what protects the civilization of (...)."
"It will be reborn with (...), and remain eternal like (...)."
"Even if the sands of time swirl beneath its feet, it will still remain like (...) ten million years after."
"The people will rejoice because of its (...), and it will (...) because of them."
(Herbad of Haravatat Tafazzoli's Remarks: The omissions here are not intentional. Instead, they are due to the damaged state of the book. Some omissions can be inferred from the remains of the original. Regrettably, the researchers of Vahumana who undertook the translation of this volume did not possess the relevant knowledge, so I will make up for that in part.
The missing word in the first segment: "Mine (Ours)," "Eternity," or "All,"
The missing word in the third segment: It seems to be a person's name, but the phrase "preserved remains" can be inserted too,
The first missing word in the fourth segment: "Return," or "Death," or "Rebirth".
The remaining words cannot be inferred at this time.
Herbad of Vahumana Yarshater's Remarks: ...You didn't tell me any of this at the time, huh?)
The princess had answered all three riddles, and no secrets could stymie her.
The Mistress of Pushpavatika could not help but feel utmost admiration toward the princess.
Thus, the Mistress of Pushpavatika spoke:
"O benevolent, wise, and eternal Princess,"
"Your wisdom does far surpass the legends."
"Blessed are your kin, fortunate are your people,"
"For they can be by your side, heeding your teachings."
...And so the two princesses forged a strong alliance, and also with the king of (Blood? Resentment? Red Crown?) who was by their side from beginning to end. They worked together, leading the people of (...) to eternal prosperity.
Trivia[]
Based on the end of the third volume, this story may be based on legends about Greater Lord Rukkhadevata (the princess), the Goddess of Flowers (Mistress of Pushpavatika), and King Deshret (king of red/king of Red Crown).
In Volume 1, the "Winged One" most likely refers to Phanes, who has been described as having wings and is currently the only proposed identity for the Primordial One.[1]
The Mistress of Pushpavatika calls herself "a spirit created at the beginning," which may corroborate the suggestion that the Goddess of Flowers was a survivor of the Seelie race.[2]
The princess calls herself "the owner of yesterday and the master of tomorrow morning." This may be an allusion to Greater Lord Rukkhadevata's existence as an avatar of Irminsul, which links her to all the memories of Teyvat.[3]
In Volume 2, the phrase "arrogation" is best known for its usage in the game's opening cutscene by the Unknown God, the "sustainer of Heavenly Principles," during her confrontation with the traveling twins.
The "forbidden arts" may refer to the Art of Khemia or some aspect of how it works — Venti suggests that the practice of the Art of Khemia was among the reasons why Khaenri'ah was destroyed during the cataclysm 500 years ago.[4]
Etymology[]
Pushpavatika (Sanskrit: पुष्पवाटिका) is Sanskrit for "Flower-garden."
Video Guides[]
"Scroll of Streaming Song" Series Location
Notes[]
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishScroll of Streaming Song—Chinese(Simplified)浮槃歌卷Fúpán GējuànChinese(Traditional)浮槃歌卷Fúpán GējuànJapaneseプシュパの歌Pushupa no UtaSongs of PushpaKorean푸시의 시가 모음집Pusi-ui Siga MomeumjipPushpa's Poetry CollectionSpanishCanción del fluirSong of the FlowFrenchParchemin de l'hymne à flotScroll of the Afloat HymnRussianПлывущий свиток песенPlyvushchiy svitok pesenFloating Scroll of SongsThaiคัมภีร์บทเพลงลอยละล่องVietnameseQuyển Nhạc Trôi NổiGermanLiederbuch zum BlumengartenSongbook to the Flower GardenIndonesianGulungan Aliran LaguScroll of Song FlowPortuguesePergaminho da Canção FluenteTurkishAkıcı Şarkının ParşömeniStreaming Song ParchmentItalianLa pergamena della canzone fluente
Change History[]
Released in Version 3.0[Create New History]
References[]
↑ Book: The Byakuyakoku Collection, Vol. 2 - Before Sun and Moon
↑ World Quest, Aranyaka: Part III - Nursery of Lost Dreams, Part 2: For the Children of the PastArama: There was once a survivor of that race deep within the golden desert who was friends with Queen Aranyani and ruler of Valuka.
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter III, Act V - Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises, Part 4: Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies
↑ Venti's Voice-Over: About Albedo
A Thousand Nights
Type
6 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Torn Page: A Thousand Nights (I)
Vol. 2
Torn Page: A Thousand Nights (II)
Vol. 3
Torn Page: A Thousand Nights (III)
Vol. 4
Torn Page: A Thousand Nights (IV)
Vol. 5
Torn Page: A Thousand Nights (V)
Vol. 6
Torn Page: A Thousand Nights (VI)
A Thousand Nights is a Book Collection. All 6 volumes of this book collection are found through Torn Pages of their respective volume.
The Torn Pages for volumes 4, 5 and 6 can be found scattered across Land of Lower Setekh, Land of Upper Setekh, and Hypostyle Desert. Volumes 1, 2, and 3 can be found within the Desert of Hadramaveth.
Contents
1 Description
2 Vol. 1
3 Vol. 2
4 Vol. 3
5 Vol. 4
6 Vol. 5
7 Vol. 6
8 Other Languages
9 Change History
Description[]
A wandering researcher once walked through rainforest, desert, and city during a time of great catastrophe, collecting these stories along the way. It is said that the original work truly did contain countless tales and that naught but a fragment of that is still extant today.
Vol. 1[]
The Tale of Those Without Shadows
Once, this land was home to a group of a people without shadows.
They led simple lives, knowing nothing about the world outside the place where they lived.
This lasted until one day, when a lost adventurer discovered them. The shadowless folk were shocked to find that the adventurer had a lockstep attendant, silent and loyal. The adventurer, too, was shocked to see that people lived in the world who would not cast a shadow because of the sunlight.
"Never in my wildest dreams did I think that I would make such a discovery," said the adventurer.
"Dreams? We have not had those in a long time," said one of the shadowless people. "Our elders tell us that all dreams have already been dreamed."
"Shadows hide the secrets of the soul. You have no shadows, and that is why you do not dream," said the adventurer. "Perhaps you did once have shadows, just like you once did dream."
"If that is so, where shall I go to find that which I have lost?"
"Go to the secret forest. Many dreams dwell there, and perhaps those who capture dreams there may have some extras to share with you."
And so, the young shadowless person left his homeland behind, traveling far off to visit the secret forest the adventurer had spoken of. This forest was filled with layers of shadows: the shadows of the clouds, tree canopies... Even the tiny birds cast large shadows over the soft soil.
Day after day, he passed between the crisscrossed shadows. Shadows hide the soul's secrets, he thought, and perhaps he was the only one here without any secrets. And so, one day, he discovered that all dreamscapes were open to him, for he had no dreams, but it was because of this that he could enter the dreams of others.
In the many dreams he witnessed, the birds dreamed of vivid colors, the tiger of fragrant scents, but he did not see those who capture dreams, nor did he discover the excess dreams that were spoken of. The dreams, the shadows, and the beings that dwelt here could be matched one for one... and so he wondered if the adventurer had cheated him, and if there really was no such thing as a masterless dream, just as there was no such thing as a shadow without a source.
But just as he was about to admit defeat, the one who captures dreams found him. Their encounter happened within the dream of a seashell. He barged into its ending, searching for the white waves and the salty wind, but neither was to be found in its saddened aftertaste.
"Just like this shell, you do not belong to this forest."
The speaker was a woman, and he quickly realized that she was the dream-captor spoken the adventurer spoke of, for her shadow had a strange, mottled texture, like drapery encrusted with gems.
"I have been looking for you," he said. "Perhaps you have some extra dreams..."
"They pass like the morning dew..." She said, and there was no sadness in her voice. "Masterless dreams cannot last long. I have tried many times, but they always dissipate in the end."
"...See, just like this seashell... We must both leave." Taking his hand, she led him from this fading dream bereft of white waves and salty winds.
Beside a murmuring brook, she told him a great many stories, and taught him how to enter dreams. After that, she warned him multiple times concerning the taboos of the dream-captors, such as how they should never gaze repeatedly into another's dream, for their secrets are like a bottomless well.
"The nightmares are more cunning than you can imagine. Once they discover what you have done, they will arise like a swarm and drag you into the darkness. You will not be able to leave that place, the boundary where no shadows are. If you wait long enough, you will be able to make out meaningful words, names that linger in faded memories that no longer belong anywhere. And you know that you must not speak the names of the dead, or they will seek you out..."
"I once believed that none of you had shadows," he said honestly. "I once believed that dream-captors did not have their own dreams, which is why they collected those that belong to others."
The woman did not reply, her mottled shadow swaying in the night wind like a leaf.
But the young shadowless man was too eager for the answer, and though the dream-captor defended the shadows well, he found his chance nonetheless. Unlike the dreams of the forest beings, whose dream-gates were wide open, it was a rugged path that led to the dream-captor's dreamscape.
It seemed evident to him that she had hidden her secrets in others' dreams, he thought, but what were her secrets? And whose dreams were these?
The dream-captor's dream was many-layered, just like the secret forest, and so he lost his way, and before he knew it, the nightmares were upon him.
"I have broken the dream-captor's taboo, but even if I can see that bottomless well, I cannot find my answer," he thought. "She said that if I stayed long enough, I might able to make out a name from their voices. At least that way, I will know whose dream this is."
And so he allowed himself to be led into the depths, and just as the woman had warned him, it was a boundless, lightless realm. He listened then for the tiny sounds, hoping to find words that could point to a name.
An unknown period of time passed before he finally heard a name amidst the scattered sounds. This sound had a strange, special attraction to him, and he could not help but recite it.
Then he opened his eyes.
"I saw a strange sight," he said. "I saw that a woman had entered my dreams and stolen them, stolen secrets of my soul that I didn't know existed, and since that day, I no longer had a shadow. And I heard her say this, and she called me..."
"You know," she said, interrupting him, "that one should not speak the names of the dead, or they will seek you out..."
The dream-captor sat by the murmuring brook, her mottled shadow swaying in the night wind like a leaf.
"That is but a tale about the dead. I have told you such tales before, but there are many more that have yet to be told."
And so the dream-captor continued to tell the young man with no shadow a story that none have yet heard...
Vol. 2[]
The Tale of the Dastur
Once upon a time, there was a Vahumana Dastur who traveled alone into the desert depths to investigate the ruins of ancient realms. Unfortunately, he encountered a sandstorm and lost his way. But just as he was about to breathe his last, a young woman with amber eyes appeared before him. She parted the howling sands with the staff in her hand, and led him out of the desert.
It was already noon by the time they reached the village. She treated him to lunch at her home and offered to escort him back to Caravan Ribat. But, having seen her part the sands as if by some spell, and how she had chased the dark beasts along their path away, the Dastur refused to leave, instead asking if she could teach him the secret arts of ancient lands.
The mage replied that her amber eyes could see all that the living and the dead had seen. People without shadows, a bronze clock whose pendulum swings by the power of imagination, whales that have never left land, a city that only exists by the reflected moonlight upon a silver mirror, a scholar imprisoned within eternity, a high tower hanging upon seven strings. She could see that he had infinite potential and a boundless future ahead of him, and she was indeed willing to teach him all she knew. She had but one worry — that after learning all, he would seek his own profit and come to deny her.
The Dastur knelt to the ground and kissed the tip of her shoes, promising that he would never forget what she had done for him no matter what, and that he would never deny her, even if they should then die together. His earnestness touched the young mage, and smiling gently, she helped him up. Holding his hand, she brought him to the door to her basement, saying that she would indeed take him as her disciple, and that all her secrets were hidden in her underground library.
And so they walked down the winding stairs, level after level, with a mirror hung on the wall of each level, reflecting their faces and the feeble light of lit sconces. They walked for who knows how long — perhaps several hours, perhaps several minutes — for the darkness had obscured their sense of time. At the end of the stairs was a narrow gate, and behind the gate was a hexagonal library. He could not see the ceiling, nor could he estimate the height of this room, but the books in here nonetheless far surpassed all he imagined was possible for knowledge.
He learned well under her tutelage, but after a few weeks, envoys from the Temple of Silence would come to the Dastur and tell him that his mentor had passed on due to illness and that owing to his thesis passing review, the Akademiya had decided to make an exception for him and promote him to Herbad, that he might take over from his mentor and continue to educate more students. The newly-appointed [sic] Herbad was greatly pleased, and yet he was unwilling to leave yet, and so he carefully asked the mage if she could bring some of her books and come with him to the Akademiya, and there continue to teach him. She agreed to his invitation, but said that she had a sister who had always longed to learn at the Akademiya but was ultimately not accepted due to her desert heritage. She thus asked if the Herbad could take her own as an auditing pupil. The Herbad replied that the Akademiya had a strict testing process and that he could not make exceptions, not even to take someone on as an auditing pupil. The mage for her part said nothing more, simply packing her bags and following him to Sumeru.
Several years later, the sage of Vahumana passed on. Thanks to the earth-shaking theses he had been able to write and complete with the aid of the mage, it was unsurprising that the Herbad was recommended to become the new sage. The mage went to congratulate him, and asked if he might take her sister on as an auditing student now that he had his position as a sage. The newly-appointed [sic] sage rejected her, saying that he had no duty to do this, for he no longer needed her guidance, being someone who no longer needed to write theses. He advised her to return to her village and live out the rest of her days in peace. The mage said nothing more, and packing her bags, she returned to the desert.
Several years later, the Grand Sage too passed, and the Vahumana sage was selected to take the post. Hearing this news, the mage came hurriedly from the desert. Finding him, she knelt at his feet and kissed the tip of his shoe, reminding him of the promise he had made her and begging him to take those of her tribe who had been displaced by the sandstorms in and allow them to have refuge beneath the rainforest bower. The Grand Sage was furious and threatened to hurl her into a jail of bronze and leave her to die of starvation and thirst, for he did not know this charlatan of the desert wastes, and who was she, anyway, to coerce the Akademiya? The mage, no longer young, lifted her head, wiping the tears from her cheeks, and looked upon the Grand Sage one last time with her turbid amber eyes. She begged that she might be allowed to return to her village and help her tribespeople. Refusing, the Grand Sage had his soldiers bind her. And so the mage said little more to him save only this:
"In that case, I must ask you, sir, to return to your own village."
The Grand Sage was startled, and when he had lifted his head, he found himself standing before Caravan Ribat. The night had grown long, and the distant village could no longer be seen clearly, shrouded as it now was in flying dust and sand and night's own cloak. The young woman stood before him, smiling, and her amber eyes reflected how he appeared at this moment: the Dastur of Vahumana, whose thesis had yet to pass review.
"Well then, the hour is late, and you should return to the Akademiya now. After all, just as the stories say..."
Vol. 3[]
The Tale of the Prince and the Sumpter Beast
Long, long ago, when Port Ormos was still ruled by the seafaring Deys, there was one valiant Dey amongst their number. He was the subjugator of countless isles and domains, thus obtaining many curious treasures and becoming second to none in wealth throughout the port. Yet the mariner's life had left him time for but a single son in his latter years, and passed away before the prince would reach adulthood.
The Dey's son had inherited his great wealth, but had no power over those his father had administered. Guided by elders who lacked moral fiber, he quickly began to live the life of a sensuous animal. The prosperous streets of Port Ormos were like a beast that swallowed gold, and so the Dey's inheritance was emptied by the princeling within a few years, even saddling him with a massive debt in the process. By the time the prince came to his senses, the walls of his home were bare, with not a single Mora to be found within. After selling his estates and dismissing the servants, the prince, with nowhere to go, sought refuge at a shrine to an ancient patron god of mariners, which through the patronage of his father in turn had attained its current august stature.
The prince asked the shrine's priest for aid thusly: "Wise elder, I was once the son of a Dey who conquered the seven seas, but see, I have fallen this far due to my unconstrained extravagance. I beg that you have mercy upon me and show me a swift way through which I might clear my debts and ransom my estates. I promise that I will change for the better and become a man who knows his place."
"Young prince," the priest said, "the fates of mortals have long been ordained by the gods, but they must accomplish those fates themselves. Since you desire to turn over a new leaf, should you not begin through hard work rather than relying on opportunism?"
The prince quickly replied, "my father was a great patron of this shrine, so if we must argue, half of the golden statues and indeed, your expenses, should belong to me by right. And am I not here to claim this debt I am owed?"
"Arrogant prince, will you make an enemy of the gods?" The priest said with a sigh. "Yet on your father's account, if you shall promise to keep to your place and manage your finances well, I shall tell you how to become wealthy."
And so the prince swore to upon the divine statue, and the priest directed him to a street market at the outport. Coming to said market, the prince met a woman dressed in great finery tending to an emaciated Sumpter Beast.
"Esteemed lady," the prince asked, "is there anything I might do for you?"
"You've come at a good time," the woman replied. "I must go out to sea on an urgent errand, and I fear that there is no one who can help me take care of this beast. But if you will aid me, I shall return in three months and pay you ten million Mora."
The prince was overjoyed at this.
"But," the woman continued, "you must not feed this beast till it is full, nor can you speak to it. Otherwise, even that which you own now, you shall lose."
"And what have I to lose?" The prince thought to himself, and thus agreed readily. The woman then entrusted the Sumpter Beast to him. Three months passed quickly, and as the woman requested, not once did he completely fill the Sumpter Beast's stomach, nor did he speak one word to it, until the final day.
On this day, the prince, excited at the thought of his soon-to-be reward as he sat before a fire, spoke to the Sumpter Beast, "O good Sumpter Beast, it is thanks to you that I shall be rich again. If you have a request, name it, and I shall satisfy you."
Hearing these words, the Sumpter Beast cried, "O honored prince, I have no other wish but to have a full stomach on this last day."
Hearing the Sumpter Beast speak, the prince was greatly shocked and allowed his curiosity to take over, forgetting all about the woman's instruction. Turning around, he brought water and hay from the feeding trough.
"My most gentle prince," the now-full Sumpter Beast said slowly, "I was once a god who served the heavens and ruled over many vassal kings of the desert, but I was cheated by that venomous witch and forced into this form. If you will have mercy upon me and release me into the desert, I swear upon the king of the blazing sun that I will grant you riches beyond counting, more by far than what that witch can give."
The prince felt dubious about the Sumpter Beast's words, and so he decided to hide it, and then conceal himself in a corner to await the woman's return.
She did indeed return the next day, only to find both prince and Sumpter Beast missing.
"Faithless wretch!" The woman cursed. "If I catch you, I shall seal you in the smallest magic bottle I find, and there you shall face eternal torment!"
Seeing her thus, the prince finally believed the Sumpter Beast's words. Once she had left, he prepared to release the poor animal. As it was about to leave, it said to him, "O merciful prince, may all the desert gods defend you — I shall fulfill my promise to grant you endless riches and happiness. I ask only that you do not ask where they came from, or else, you will lose even that which you have now."
Following the Sumpter Beast's directions, the prince came to a hidden place at the edge of the desert, and there he did indeed discover a mighty and luxurious palace. Its walls were decorated with gold and gems, and its gates were made of pure gold, with a lovely male servant leading many lovely ladies out of those great doors to receive him.
And thus did the prince once again lead an opulent life. Each day, the male servant would bring him silver, gold, pearls, and gems. Rare delicacies and fine wine were his to enjoy, and each day brought unique dancing girls to keep him company — and such was his life for three years.
But even in merriment and revelry could boredom be bred, and one day the prince woke from days of drunken stupor, and he thought to himself, "I tired now of my life today, and am in need of new thrills. Now, was it not because I refused the instruction of the witch that I gained this life of mine? Who then may say if that Sumpter Beast did not hide something from me for fear that I might discover his secret? If I can find the source of this limitless wealth, surely greater happiness still shall be mine."
And so the prince summoned his faithful servant, and said to him, "my most loyal servant. Could you tell me of the source of the gold and gems, wine and spirits, and even these musicians and courtesans, that you bring before me each day?"
"Of course, my respected master," the manservant replied. "Each day, I traverse the lands between the desert and this place, and all that you enjoy is drawn thereof. Your lovely dancers were once swaying desert eels, the glittering gold are the endless sands, and the gourmet meals you enjoy are of my own personal make."
"And I, your loyal servant," the manservant paused, "am naught but a humble scarab."
Just as he finished speaking, the glorious palace dissolved in an instant, and the prince found that he was seated upon a squat sand dune, and there was nothing around him apart from crawling insects.
After a long while, he regained his senses, and even through his shock and terror he felt the hand of grief and regret. And yet, what he had now lost could not easily be regained, and the prince was at last reduced to wandering, never to feel happiness again. From then on, he would tell anyone who wished to hear him speak this story...
Vol. 4[]
The Tale of the Researcher
Once upon a time, there lived a researcher, upon whom all the hallmarks of the haughty man of letters might be seen, though he himself — and we shall be generous to him here — was not the best amongst his peers. Knowledge is like a fruit, after all, and time quickly whittles its freshness away. If he cannot eat it all while it is still juicy and full, the rest shall taste like sweet decay.
"Time," the young researcher said, "you truly are my hated foe — even more so than I consider my colleagues."
Alas, innate characteristics such as laziness cannot be so easily shaken off. Thus did winters turn to summers and back again, bringing his "hated colleagues" glory and praise, while he was left with the scars of the bygone years.
Perhaps this was some trick of fate, but our main character would indeed discover a way to make his wish reality — quite by accident, in fact.
"Time seems fair, though it is but a veneer. That I am not as quick-witted as others is not due to a lack of talent. Nay, 'tis but the cruelty of time..." So thought the researcher, now no longer young. "Now that my chance has come, I must use it well."
And so he made this wish to the injured Jinni: "I wish for time to be just... so that I might write better theses."
The Jinni understood him quite easily, saying: "All things come with a price."
"Well, yes, and I have clearly paid part of that toll," he said, shrugging. "I have wasted my youth on pointless pursuits. Now that things have come to this point, I no longer desire common joys. I only wish to leave behind a work of stunning brilliance, that my name will be praised for generations. Nor do I wish for my work to be left on perishable ink and paper, but it shall instead be carved into stone. Thousands of years on, my marks shall still be left upon this world... and this way, I shall have my justice — I shall triumph over time.
"If that is your will," the Jinni replied noncommittally, fulfilling the researcher's wish nonetheless.
But whether that was truly a Jinni or some demon in disguise was quite the matter of contention, especially in hindsight. Leaving this matter aside, the researcher whose wish was fulfilled found that everything had now become slow compared to his thinking.
"Good, good. Now then, my agility of mind shall not be a problem." At first, the researcher was most pleased. Now that he had ample slack, so to speak, there was much time for thoughtful consideration. The time it took for a sand grain to fall to the earth was not sufficient for him to raise his left hand to touch his forehead, but his mind could sprint during this time — from forest to desert, from vast plain to snowy tundra it could run indeed. He cursed that all the pages of a book could not be laid out flat, but had to be flipped one by one. But even had they been laid out before him, his eyeballs would have failed to move quickly enough. By the time his eyes had finished resting upon a single word, he would already have exhausted all vocabulary related to that word, and all imagination pertaining to that vocabulary.
"I think too much and write too little," the researcher thought afterwards. "I must use the most elegant words to write the most academically rigorous paper." But when he had penned the first word, his thoughts had already leaped to the conclusion. And so he had to constantly repeat the essay to himself, and as he silently dictated the text, it would become more and more refined. Yet, this could only happen in his mind — when all was said and done, his right hand had yet to even write seven words.
And thus was this great work, comprised of the finest lexicon and the stoutest logic, compromised by the researcher's own body. Every passage came out tattered, as if someone had shredded every page and put them back together haphazardly. The words that were connected felt like fragments randomly selected from a complete text, and no one could really grasp the connection between them.
It was on a starless night when he, with all his strength, like one completing a centuries-long exodus, managed to leave his study, arriving at the courtyard downstairs.
"Perhaps speaking shall be more direct than writing," he said, a single bare thread of hope remaining in his heart. But his very voice seemed to stumble after the weave of his thoughts. His syllables came out disjointed and fragmentary — as if the intent behind the words had changed even as they were being said, and so they came out as mere mumbling and whimpering.
"Alas, poor old fellow! One might almost think he has been possessed!" So said the well-dressed young folk who looked upon him with sympathy. "But at least he still has the moon."
They left after saying these words, leaving the researcher alone in the moon-bathed courtyard, trapped in the prison he once called a body. Then the mere husk of a mortal man began to recall a story that he had once read...
Vol. 5[]
The Tale of the Mirror, the Palace, and the Dreamer
Night after night, she would always dream about that distant palace. Its intricate structure was formed of infinite corners, arcades, and passages, and at each corner would be hung a silver mirror with a gilded frame. It was said that the king spent 200 years (6 years more must be added if one wishes to follow the numbering of years in those days) to design this place, and when seated upon the throne, he could gaze into any mirror, and through its exquisitely planned and winding paths of light, one could glimpse any corner of his realm. Yet when she looked into the mirrors at the ends of the hallways in her dream, all she could see was a blurry image: that of a masked young woman garbed in fine raiment, wearing lovely ornaments, walking through the opulent corridors, like a heat haze in the flaming gold of day. She knew then her purpose, though it might seem strange — she wished to gain an audience with that king and tell him something, for these words had been put into her heart and were not hers to command, though she would always leave those words somewhere in the warping mirror-lights each time she awoke with a start.
Year after year, in her dreams as clear as dawn, she would try — and fail — to find the way to the throne, nor would she ever witness that king in person. The young lady who was once lost amongst the mirrors was now a famed magician, and even so, in those stolen dreaming moments, in those flashes of unconscious lucidity, those fantastical thoughts still had her soul in their iron grip. One day, the great mage discovered clues to reaching that distant kingdom at last. Forsaking all that the worldly might hold dear, she set out on her journey alone. Across mottled moonlight she sailed, through the shadowed valleys she strode, and the darkest forests she braved, until she, at last, reached that realm of her dreams. But alas, alas! That city had been annihilated in a terrible fire a few hundred years ago, and the once-prosperous kingdom was now no more. It is just as the poets say:
The morning breeze is forgotten by all,
Song and color have faded from sight.
Only the dim gleam of towers tall,
Lights the ruined, barren night.
She entered the devastated palace and walked amidst its ruins. The mirrors and their gilded frames had long been shattered, with naught but their shattered wrack remaining, each splinter reflecting a beam of chilling moonlight. The court was not as bizarre or strange as it had been in her dreams — in a few mere corners and a few corridors, she was knocking on the door of the throne room. It was a circular hall with hundreds of mirrors hanging from the stone walls — though like the mirrors in the hallways, these had also mostly been destroyed. The mage subconsciously walked towards that long-vacated throne and sat down, casting her gaze upon one of the still-whole mirrors.
In that mirror, she beheld again that masked young woman garbed in fine raiment, walking amidst the opulent halls, and behind her, the mirrors — mirrors that had never been shattered — reflected a thousand reflections of her form.
She startled and raised her head, for that young woman now stood before her, silently watching, unimaginable pain in her eyes. The mage had only just thought of something to say when the woman drew a dagger — before stabbing her in the heart. A lustrous rose-bloom graced the silent tip of the blade as flames ignited all around them, consuming the hall that had once been destroyed by a great blaze once more.
She smiled in confusion, astonishment, and relief, for the woman then took her mask off, revealing the features of the mage herself, dry lips quivering ever so slightly.
This time, the mage could finally hear the other person's words — words that had become lost across the decades and centuries within this labyrinthine dream and its eventide bewilderment. It was a story, a story told by her to herself, a story reflected in thousands of shattered slivers of silver, echoing on and on, forever...
Vol. 6[]
Tale of the Bird Chaser
This is a story of an old bird chaser.
North of the kingdom lies a dense forest. It is home to a flock of birds that can mimic the words of humans. They often gather like a cloud by the break of the dawn. As they fly in the forest iridescent hues dance on their spread wings, and their chatters echo round the tree crowns. But these creatures are not alone, for an old and frail man dressed in tattered rags always comes and spends all day chasing after them like a savage.
Just as how a towering tree was once tender and delicate, the old man used to be fair and handsome. He grew up in a village by the forest. Agile and kind, he was much-loved by all.
Every girl in the village adored him, but his heart fluttered only for his love, a young priestess serving in the forest who always fascinated him with miracles of the divine.
The young man often thought that he would give up anything to be with the girl, until death did them apart.
Alas, that which is sweet never lasts. A grueling war broke out, and the young were conscripted, including the man. Before he left for the battlefield, he saw his love weep for the first time. Teardrops rolled down her cheeks like dew falling from a green leaf — then down into his heart. Yet little did he know the actual reason behind the girl's melancholia. He made hasty promises, wishing to ease the girl's sorrow — one caused by departure, as he then naively believed.
With grief written all over her face, the girl gave no response to his beautiful vows.
After a brief silence, she said she would send talking birds to relay her words of longing.
It was an unusual use of power, but the young man took her act as a means to secure his love.
So he nodded.
The young man departed the next day to honor his duty to his kingdom. It would soon be over, he thought. But reality eventually proved him wrong — the war dragged on and on.
It was not until stubble grew on his chin and his eyes and hands became battle-hardened that the dust finally settled.
His only solace in this brutal war was the birds from his hometown. As if guided by the gods, they always managed to come to him on quiet nights, carrying her words — the whispers of her bitter-sweet longing, telling him of changes in the village, or of a few short verses she wrote him.
The sustained separation had not diminished his love for her. Instead, if love was a monument, it would be driven into his heart.
When the war finally ended, he hurried home to propose to his beloved, only to find that she had died of an acute illness on a cold night shortly after his departure.
The young man refused to accept it, for he had just been visited by a talking bird the previous day, when his young priestess read him beautiful prose through its mouth.
He broke into the girl's closed chamber. But as the sunlight filled the dim room, it stirred what was inside: countless enchanted birds waiting to be awakened from their rich slumber. In a single instant, the birds rushed past him, wings flapping by his ears, and flew through the open floor into the sky like an ethereal cloud, returning to their home.
At last, the young man stood alone, his love's empty room before him.
It finally dawned on him why the girl had made the most unusual arrangement with that saddened expression on her face the night they parted.
It had been an arrangement for a lifetime — on her dying bed, she must taught the birds countless words, more than enough to fill his every night since with a flicker of light.
Birds live far longer than humans think. From that day on, the young man has been chasing the talking birds in the forest. In their voices, he seeks to catch her lingering soul, to repent for his sin of scattering her love in the woods. Maddened yet tireless, the young man has not stopped his chase for a single day as he turned into a middle-aged man, then aged into an old man. The talking birds now speak of nothing new, and their numbers have dwindled. But what if there is still one that he has not yet met — one with something from her that he has not yet known? The obsession traps the bird chaser in the forest and upon his face is written the toll of years.
He skillfully sets up traps very catch the birds and keeps them in a cage, stroking their necks, playing with them, and giving them the best cereals and clearest water. Then, he will say to them, "Speak, Talking Birds, speak of my love, who the forest favored so dearly. Speak of what she taught you."
And so, the generously-fed [sic] birds will tell such a story...
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishA Thousand Nights—Chinese(Simplified)千夜故事集Qiānyè Gùshì-jíStory Collection of a Thousand NightsChinese(Traditional)千夜故事集Qiānyè Gùshì-jíJapanese千夜物語Chiyo MonogatariA Thousand Nights StoryKorean천일야사CheonilyasaOne Thousand and One HistorySpanishLas mil nochesThe Thousand NightsFrenchLes mille nuitsThe Thousand NightsRussianТысяча ночейTysyacha nocheyA Thousand NightsThaiเรื่องราวของค่ำคืนนับพันRueang-rao khong Khamkhuen Nap PhanA Thousand Nights StoryVietnameseCâu Chuyện Ngàn ĐêmA Thousand Nights StoryGermanErzählungen aus tausend NächtenStories from a Thousand NightsIndonesianKisah Seribu MalamThe Story of a Thousand NightsPortugueseAs Mil NoitesThe Thousand NightsTurkishBinbir GeceThousand and One NightsItalianLe mille nottiThe Thousand Nights
Change History[]
Released in Version 3.1[Edit History]Version 3.4
Volumes 1, 2, and 3 were added.
Version 3.1
Volumes 4, 5, and 6 of A Thousand Nights were released.
Fables de Fontaine
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Marie Hericart de La Fontaine
Location
Vol. 1
Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais, sold by Hubel
Vol. 2
Romaritime Harbor, next to Hermosa
Vol. 3
In front of the Beaumont Workshop
Fables de Fontaine is a Book Collection found in Fontaine.
Contents
1 Location
2 Vol. 1
3 Vol. 2
4 Vol. 3
5 Trivia
6 Other Languages
7 Change History
Location[]
Fables de Fontaine I LocationFables de Fontaine I contextFables de Fontaine II LocationFables de Fontaine II contextFables de Fontaine III LocationFables de Fontaine III context
Vol. 1[]
A storybook containing various lore and tales authored by Marie Hericart de La Fontaine, most of which were not written by the author but are compiled from ancient poems which have since been lost.
The Maiden and the Sun
The adopted daughter of the fox grew to be of marriageable age, her face as gentle as a beautiful spring.
Delicate and polite was she, and none could name a lady better.
Therefore, the fox said to her daughter,
"My girl, little girl, I am standing in my grave. I may soon no longer be able to care for you as I once did."
"Please, choose a husband for yourself. All would be honored to be the one."
The daughter replied,
"If it shall be so, Mother, please have me wed to the most powerful being in this world."
"Ah, and that would be the sun," the fox said. "My son-in-law you shall be, O sun shining in the sky."
"No," the sun refused. "These clouds are more powerful, for they block my radiance."
"So it is, then. Flowing clouds, those who block the sun's radiance, please marry my daughter."
"Oh, that won't do! The wind blows me away so easily. You're better off entrusting her to the wind!"
But the wind was stopped by a mountain, and so the fox went to it.
And the mountain demurred, citing conflicts with a mouse.
That mouse, when enraged, could bore a tunnel through the mountains,
Thus, it was mightier by far than the mountains, was it not?
The mouse suggested the cat, the cat the dog, and the dog, the wolf.
After having gone through the entire cycle, the Fox found herself facing the sun once more.
As thus did the young beauty marry the sun.
The story tells the truth that one should accept their destiny, instead of making excuses and trying to evade to the end.
No matter how honest, or how cunning, one can never escape the duty one ought to shoulder.
Vol. 2[]
A storybook containing various lore and tales authored by Marie Hericart de La Fontaine, most of which were not written by the author but are compiled from ancient poems which have since been lost.
The Crow and the Fox
Once upon a time, a crow perched on a tree, a piece of stolen cheese in its beak.
Seeing the crow, the fox living under the tree looked up and said,
"Listen, my friend."
"The thing in your mouth is no enticing feast,"
"But a source of misfortune that anyone sane would avoid like the plague."
"Look at your throat and then back at the cheese. Are they matched in size?"
"Swallow it, and you might just lose your life."
"The cheesemakers of the city have only let you go,"
"Because they know this — or do you think they've handed it to you for safe-keeping?"
The crow cared little for such words, and continued holding onto the cheese.
Seeing that the crow did not intend to give up yet, the fox spoke up once more:
"My friend,"
"This cheese is not some valuable delicacy!"
"Think! When you glided between mountain and forest, free of heed or care,"
"Did you then hear of something called cheese?"
"If you would listen, I would say that such a thing was never meant for us to enjoy."
"Let it rot in the mountains. Let the wind carry it into the sea."
"Better that than to let it become a shackle that binds you."
The crow fluffed its feathers, but kept its hold on the cheese.
Seeing that the crow still would not give up, the fox sighed.
"Come on, my friend,"
"If you truly must savor the taste of cheese,"
"I, a mere fox and bystander, shall not stop you."
"But surely, you must not know how cheese is best consumed."
"If you were to simply swallow it willy-nilly,"
"It would be a terrible waste of such a rare treasure!"
"Alas, and such a waste it would be, too, of all the recipes I have spent time gleaning from the lands around the world!"
Suddenly curious, the crow could not help but open its mouth.
"And could you teach me such recipes?"
Even as it did so, the cheese fell to the ground,
And the fox snatched it up, before turning tail and burrowing into its nest.
This story tells us how those who seek to discover mysteries that they should not know,
Shall lose all, even that which they already had.
Vol. 3[]
A storybook containing various lore and tales authored by Marie Hericart de La Fontaine, most of which were not written by the author but are compiled from ancient poems which have since been lost.
The Tale of the Donkey
Even when dressed to the nines, a Plain Jane will rarely be mistaken for a socialite.
Everyone in this world has strengths and weaknesses that are theirs and theirs alone.
Thus, the only way forward is to know oneself and face one's own flaws.
Don't be like the donkey of this tale, and make an ass of oneself.
Having learned how the fox seized the cheese, the donkey sought to emulate the crafty fox.
"Why is the world like this?"
"The fox is no genius. Why do others always toot her horn?"
"Do I, the donkey, not labor every day? Yet, no one cares to even greet me with a smile."
"Since this is the case, I shall learn from the fox and do the same as she."
"Her little tricks, surely, shall be mine in no time."
Thus, the donkey hid among the trees, and waited for its target to come by.
As the daughter of the cheesemaker passed by, the donkey bounded over,
And imitating the fox, raised a hoof and said with a smug voice,
"Ha! Listen to me! You know nothing about swift travel."
"Just throw all your cheese away. Shall your cart not arrive sooner that way?"
The young lady was shocked, and she immediately replied,
"Oh, you silly donkey! You dare to try to pull my leg?"
"Get me my stick! I'm driving this beast back to the mill!"
Seeing the stick being waved at it, the donkey ceased speaking at once.
This tale explains how trying to be someone else and smothering your own identity,
Is by no means beneficial. Indeed, it only leads to more suffering.
Trivia[]
The book's cover reads LESFABLES (French: les fables "the fables") in the Fontaine Script.
The book is a reference to Fables de La Fontaine by Jean de La Fontaine, a 17th-century French fabulist.
The first fable is a pastiche of The Mouse Turned into a Maid.
The second fable is a pastiche of The Fox and the Crow.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishFables de FontaineFrench: Fables of FontaineChinese(Simplified)枫丹动物寓言集Fēngdān Dòngwù Yùyán-jíFontaine Animal FablesChinese(Traditional)楓丹動物寓言集Fēngdān Dòngwù Yùyán-jíJapaneseフォンテーヌ動物寓意譚Fonteenu Doubutsu GuuitanKorean폰타인 동물 우화집Pontain Dongmul UhwajipFontaine Animal FablesSpanishFábulas de FontaineFables of FontaineFrenchFables de Fontaine—RussianПритчи о животных ФонтейнаPritchi o zhivotnykh FonteynaThaiรวมนิทานอีสป FontaineVietnameseNgụ Ngôn Động Vật FontaineGermanFables de Fontaine—IndonesianEnsiklopedia Fauna FontaineEncyclopedia of the Fauna of FontainePortugueseFábulas dos Animais de FontaineTurkishFontaine MasallarıFontaine FablesItalianFiabe di FontaineFontaine's Fairy Tales
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.0[Edit History]Version 4.1
Updates to item description:
Old: A storybook containing various lore and tales, most of which were not written by the author but are compiled from ancient poems which have since been lost.
New: A storybook containing various lore and tales authored by Marie Hericart de La Fontaine, most of which were not written by the author but are compiled from ancient poems which have since been lost.
Version 4.0
Fables de Fontaine was released.
The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Purchased from Hubel, Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais
Vol. 2
Found in Palais Mermonia
Vol. 3
Purchased from Hubel, Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais
The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria is a Book Collection found in Fontaine.
Contents
1 Locations
2 Vol. 1
3 Vol. 2
4 Vol. 3
5 Trivia
6 Video Guides
7 Other Languages
8 Change History
Locations[]
Hubel's location (Vol. 1 & 3)Additional contextVol. 2's locationAdditional context
Vol. 1[]
It is said that the great scholar Pulteney wrote this epic historical work concerning the ancient Remurian civilization in the early years of the founding of Fontaine.
The ocean gave birth to all, yet also devoured everything.
Legend has it that in the first era, the earliest peoples were self-supporting in their virtue, needing no laws or authorities. The envoys of the heavenly city walked the earth, and with their guidance, the people enjoyed enduring peace, prosperity, and abundance from the ancient days.
This Heaven-blessed reign lasted countless generations until people grew tired of their inscrutable eternity. Their offspring ceased to listen to the oracles. Instead, they desired things never promised to them by the divine, trying to break free from their fate. Enraged by their behavior, Heaven sent gigantic waves to smash the settlers' cities. A hundred days of rain came afterward, and the roaring tides drowned all sin and arrogation, and thus were the early peoples brought to an end.
When the tide receded and the earth was revealed again, no cities nor civilizations now stood above the high waters. Survivors and the newborn alike lived amidst the forests and rivers, shorn of all knowledge and wisdom. Human lives were no different from those of wild animals on the earth or in the sea, driven on by the laws of nature — muddling through time with neither beginning nor end.
Untold years passed. The throne of Gurabad was established and overturned in the far south, and the noble kindred of the east once reached the rim of the high waters — all while our ancestors remained bound by ignorance and superstition.
Civilization and order were finally restored to the land named Fontaine the day the great king Remus descended upon Meropis in his golden Fortuna. He taught people how to farm and raise crops in the land, and built temples and cities with giant rocks to house the people. Most importantly, it was he who spread the beauty of music and art, which differentiated humans from other living things, causing them to see themselves as masters of all things.
With his immortal fleet, Remus conquered all the islands on the high waters. Even the great dragon beneath the abyssal depths submitted to his power. Those were the best days since the end of earliest peoples, and eternal prosperity seemed so near at hand.
The God King and his people indulged in the sweet dreams of carefree lives and fantasies of never-ending progress. However, the seers prophesied discord: "The greatest empire will face the most utter destruction, and this is Fortuna."
Thus did the God King derive the primordial plan from the seven-day rotation and the flowing winds of sea and land, and composed a harmonious symphony of prosperity. He believed that so long as all the cities echoed with this greatest of songs, they would escape the judgment of fate and at last reach the land of eternal bliss.
But thusly do the ancient writers concur — "Oceans will rise, empires will fall, and the only constant is change."
Vol. 2[]
It is said that the great scholar Pulteney wrote this epic historical work concerning the ancient Remurian civilization in the early years of the founding of Fontaine.
Greatness and glory unto Remuria, and its immortal ruler, Remus, king of all under heaven and universal Harmost. Today, the glamor and luxury of the bygone Eternal City is beyond the imagination of even the most knowledgeable scholars.
As you sailed past the Ocean Pillars along the royal fairway to the giant port playing host to Fortuna the imperial ship, you would have first seen a lofty tower. The tower of Remuria was not built to receive heavenly oracles, but to guide ships traveling between islands in the high waters. It is said that the tower stood at the border of reality and dreams. Even if sailors were to be lured into slumber by sirens, they could follow the sound of the bell to break through the mist and find their way to Remuria.
Continuing along the royal fairway leading to Machimos, where the brave Remurian warriors lived. The grand temples and arenas were built with giant carved rocks to commemorate the city's glory and victory. The solid and towering walls are decorated with glaze and gold, bronze and marble statues arrayed the land, and gold, spices and specialties from the world over piled up in the markets.
Traveling through Machimos, you would arrive at Capitolium, the center of Remuria, overflowing with delightful aromas and beautiful melodies. It was a paradise for artists, where only the most outstanding intellectuals and musicians were allowed. Even among them, however, only a small fraction enjoyed the privilege of serving the God King. Here, all the theaters and palaces were established in shapes most harmonious, their beams and domes adorned with the most sumptuous and intricate carvings, and centered on a golden palace of towering copper pillars. The King, resting peacefully at the heart of the palace, listened closely to every melody and every note coming from every corner of the empire. Upon hearing any discord, the God King would correct it immediately with a pluck of his strings, bringing perfection to the symphony of his empire.
To keep all the people upon the high water from destroying the symphony of universal harmony, King Remus promoted four humans of great capability to high post. He shared his power and authority with them, making them his partners in governance, the Harmosts for all cities, to eliminate all discordant sounds.
To spread the harmonious symphony throughout the world, he built far-reaching fairways, which conveyed the melodies as never-ending ripples from Capitolium to every corner that sat above the high waters.
Yet fate's decree was not for even such as gods to defy, and to even attempt to escape destined judgment was a mortal sin. Amongst the God King's sins, the most terrible was the attempt to pass power that should have been reserved for the godly domain to humans. Thus, this power and status led to corruption and decadence, leading to violence and revolts.
Such is fate's cunning that it uses the very powers that rebel against it to its own ends. When the day of destiny arrived, Remuria, the grand immortal city, faced an inevitable end. Today, the God King's melody is played only in Capitolium, and his mighty reign has ended.
Thusly do the ancient writers concur — "Oceans will rise, empires will fall, and the only constant is change."
Vol. 3[]
It is said that the great scholar Pulteney wrote this epic historical work concerning the ancient Remurian civilization in the early years of the founding of Fontaine.
Humans, in their naivete, once believed that the reign of the King Remus and his Eternal City would surpass time and fate to last thousands of years, just like the giant rocks comprising the ringed ritual sites.
Until that day, when the earth collapsed all at once, the tall tower was uprooted, and drowned in the titanic waves alongside the great hall of pillars. Until that day, when the royal fairways and temples were reduced to ruins, and the city, along with its residents, warriors, intellectuals, nobles, and even the golden palace, as glamorous as the shining sun, fell into a chasm of eternal darkness.
That was the moment when the absurdity of their "eternity" finally dawned on them.
Glory to our Noble Navigator, the Ruler of Rivers and Seas, and the Queen of All Waters. May she defend the law, and may her reign be long. Peace be upon all the realms of Fontaine, and all the people under the heavens. When the royal city collapsed, the great power shattered, and the people above the high water were perched on the precipice of barbarism and annihilation, it was our noble Queen who settled the conflicts between the tribes. Around the flowing springs we established cities new, and started a world guided by laws that has endured to this day.
The tragedy of Remuria occurred merely a century ago, but its history has already become concealed in legends and superstitions. This does partly come down to the fatal catastrophe that destroyed it — so ruthless and swift was the disaster that all the researchers and literature capable of passing down said knowledge now sleep beneath the waters with the Eternal City. Another key reason is the purposeful distortions created by the mysterious researchers who claimed to be descendants of Remuria. My job is to extract and reproduce the true, essential shape of this magnificent ancient civilization with the universal rationality of history.
In certain folklore that exists today, even the greatest of ancient scholars have been painted as soul-stealing magisters who entrapped mortal spirits within specially-made magical golems, binding them into service. To be sure, the Remurians did make such terrifying golems, which to this day may be found, ruined, out in the wild. But this may only be blamed upon the moral degeneration that came upon them in Remuria's latter days. Its people had forsaken their noble duties and embraced hedonism and debauchery, accepting the violence they inflicted on others — and thus were they also violently destroyed.
Just as the ancient writers concur — "Oceans will rise, empires will fall, and the only constant is change."
Trivia[]
This name of this book collection is a reference to The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, a six-volume work by the English historian Edward Gibbon published from 1776 to 1789.
The book's cover says FALL OF REMURIA in the Fontaine Script.
Video Guides[]
All "The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria" Locations
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria—Chinese(Simplified)雷穆利亚衰亡史Chinese(Traditional)雷穆利亞衰亡史Japaneseレムリア衰亡史Remuria SuiboushiKorean레무리아 몰락사Remuria MollaksaSpanishLa caída de RemuriaThe Fall of RemuriaFrenchLe déclin de RemuriaThe Decline of RemuriaRussianЗакат и падение РемурииZakat i padeniye RemuriiThaiประวัติศาสตร์การล่มสลายแห่ง RemuriaVietnameseCuộc Suy Vong Của RemuriaGermanDer Niedergang RemuriasThe Downfall of RemuriaIndonesianSejarah Jatuhnya RemuriaThe History of the Fall of RemuriaPortugueseA Queda de RemuriaTurkishRemuria'nın Gerileme ve Çöküş TarihiRemuria's Decline and Downfall HistoryItalianRemuria: Il declino e la rovina
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.0[Create New History]
Robben versus Chesterton: Iridescent Brooch
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Behind Vitruvia, Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre
Vol. 2
Purchased from Hubel, Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais
Vol. 3
Purchased from Hubel, Court of Fontaine: Quartier Narbonnais
Robben versus Chesterton: Iridescent Brooch is a Book Collection found in Fontaine.
Contents
1 Locations
2 Vol 1
3 Vol 2
4 Vol 3
5 Trivia
6 Other Languages
7 Change History
Locations[]
Vol. 1's locationAdditional contextHubel's location (Vol. 2 & 3)Additional context
Vol 1[]
An entertaining novel quite popular in Fontaine. It tells a story about the thief "Phantom Gentleman" Fantomas Robben and the famous detective Chesterton's first confrontation. Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Any similarities to persons living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Call me Poiret. Some years ago — never mind how long precisely — having little or no Mora in my purse, and nothing particular to interest me outside of the city, I traveled to the Court of Fontaine and entered the care of my uncle Chesterton, the famous private detective. To my surprise, he immediately tasked me with assisting him in tracing Robben, the mysterious Phantom Thief...
The Court should not be so deserted at midnight, and yet, at this point in time, there was nary a person to be seen on the streets outside Mr. Pierre's mansion. Only the autumn night wind echoed beneath the cold moon like a lamenting harp.
In the shadows, the police and journalists watched the well-lit mansion a stone's throw away like hawks, waiting for the arrival of a certain "esteemed guest."
Like everyone else involved, I, too, was hidden in the shadow of a street corner. The long wait was beginning to bore me...
"This is taking too long. Will Robben really show up?"
The lady journalist from the Steambird seemed to hold a different opinion about this matter, and rebutted me immediately:
"Of course he will! He's sent a message ahead, claiming that he shall steal that Iridescent Starstone Brooch — he's not going to go back on his word! The only question, really, is what sort of cool method he'll use to arrive at the scene this time..."
"Hmm? You seem to be..."
"Of course I am! It would be more surprising for someone to not be enamored with the Phantom Thief!"
And just as the journalist was excitedly regaling me with tales of this rogue's "great deeds," the clock struck midnight exactly.
Suddenly, there was a great explosion, and the mansion lights died all at once. Before we could adapt to the sudden darkness, a great light blazed forth from the mansion window, rendering the night day for a few moments.
Having recovered their sight, the police filed in, and I trailed after, stepping into Mr. Pierre's collection room.
There was nothing on the dais — the Iridescent Starstone Brooch was gone.
Both the roars of rage and cries of dismay seemed washed out and meaningless in the face of this obvious truth. The hubbub of the crowd and the remnant sounds of the explosion formed a cacophonic mix that made my head hurt.
There was nothing for me to do, so as my uncle instructed, I pretended to investigate the scene before returning home.
Before I left, I heard the sound of a shutter behind me, and the lady journalist's most unprofessional gushing:
"Ah! The legendary Phantom Thief Robben makes yet another extravagant exit! A wonderful performance indeed!"
Vol 2[]
An entertaining novel quite popular in Fontaine. It tells a story about the thief "Phantom Gentleman" Fantomas Robben and the famous detective Chesterton's first confrontation. Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Any similarities to persons living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Luckily, the crime scene was not far from my uncle's house, and I dragged my exhausted self back there.
He did not react to my return, instead continuing to read at his usual spot, just as always.
"I imagine that The Steambird's headline tomorrow will be quite a riot."
"You don't seem worried at all," I hung my coat up, unfastened my collar button, and sank into a comfy spot on the sofa, before giving him all the details of the incident.
"...The explosion was not intended to destroy anything within the mansion, but to cover up a different part of the Phantom Thief's plan. He was hiding the sound of a clockwork meka's movements underneath the loud sounds of the explosion."
"A clockwork meka? He'd be hard-pressed to escape with something that large, so it must have been ditched somewhere nearby. And we may yet find some clues off of it... It seems that this Robben is not as clever as claimed — methinks we shall close the net around him soon."
"That is no certain thing. Just as the explosion was only used to hide the sound of the clockwork meka, the meka itself could also be little more than bait."
"This is so complicated." I ran my hands through my messy hair. "And what about the brooch?"
"It's still in the mansion." My uncle paused for a second. "All these tricks point to a single goal — convincing everyone that the brooch is already gone. No one could ever imagine now that the 'stolen' item is actually still on-site."
"After that, all he needs to do is to fabricate some identity that will grant him access to the mansion — in which case, he can swipe the brooch without raising any alarms."
Vol 3[]
An entertaining novel quite popular in Fontaine. It tells a story about the thief "Phantom Gentleman" Fantomas Robben and the famous detective Chesterton's first confrontation. Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Any similarities to persons living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
"I see. What a cunning fellow..."
My uncle stared at me with obvious interest, as if waiting for me to continue. Seeing that, I took a deep breath and started explaining my deductions.
"As you have said, when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. So with your hypothesis in mind, everyone at the scene could be guilty — and in the worst case, everyone could be involved. Robben the Phantom Thief may, in fact, be a group rather than a person..."
I recalled everyone back there, trying to remember every trivial suspicious thing.
"Ms. Leblanc from The Steambird is definitely an admirer of Robben. Well, I did examine her journalistic credentials, but forging identification papers should be easy for him."
"Mr. Chandler from the Maison Gardiennage left the scene for a time, and did not return till the theft had already happened. He was incredibly infuriated, but on further consideration, that might also have been an act."
"Madame Christie from the Marechaussee Phantom has been stressing to everyone the possibility of Robben using a clockwork meka. Considering your hypothesis, this could in fact be a deliberate red herring."
"Well, who do you think? Amongst all these people, who is the most likely to be the culprit?"
Having evaluated everyone for the possibility of guilt, I asked my uncle this question with much care.
"You have keen eyes indeed." My uncle put his pipe down and stood up, his steel cane glinting coolly in the moonlight. "However, you've missed something... something most vital to the case."
I was stunned for a moment. He raised the cane.
"You — the gentleman who came to see the uncle he has never met, claiming to be Poiret — were in the crowd back then, too. Am I not right, Mr. Robben?"
Trivia[]
The book's cover says DETE-CTIVE (detective) in the Fontaine Script.
Coincidentally, the narrator, who was tasked by his detective uncle to assist him in investigating Robben, shares his name with in-game detective assistant Poiret, who is currently incarcerated in the Fortress of Meropide.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishRobben versus Chesterton: Iridescent Brooch—Chinese(Simplified)怪盗与名侦探：虹彩胸针之谜Guàidào yǔ Míng Zhēntàn: Hóngcǎi Xiōngzhēn zhī MíChinese(Traditional)怪盜與名偵探：虹彩胸針之謎Guàidào yǔ Míng Zhēntàn: Hóngcǎi Xiōngzhēn zhī MíJapanese怪盗と名探偵：レインボーブローチの謎Kaitou to Meitantei: Reinboo Buroochi no NazoKorean괴도와 명탐정: 무지갯빛 브로치의 비밀Goedowa Myeongtamjeong: Mujigaetbit Beurochiui BimilSpanishEl detective y el ladrón: el misterio del broche irisadoThe Detective and the Thief: The Mystery of the Iridescent BroochFrenchRobben contre Chesterton : La broche iriséeRobben versus Chesterton: The Iridescent BroochRussianБандиты и сыщики: Радужная брошьBandity i syshchiki: Raduzhnaya brosh'Thaiจอมโจรและยอดนักสืบ: ปริศนาเข็มกลัดสายรุ้งVietnameseSiêu Trộm Và Thám Tử Lừng Danh: Bí Ẩn Chiếc Trâm CàiGermanRobben gegen Chesterton: Das Geheimnis der RegenbogenbroscheRobben versus Chesterton: The Secret of the Rainbow BroochIndonesianRobben Melawan Chesterton: Misteri Bros PelangiRobben versus Chesterton: Mystery of Rainbow BroochPortugueseO Detetive e o Ladrão: O Mistério do Broche Arco-írisTurkishRobben Chesterton'a Karşı: Gökkuşağı BroşuRobben versus Chesterton: Rainbow BroochItalianRobben contro Chesterton: La spilla iridata
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.0[Create New History]
La Chanson d'Erinnyes
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Lumidouce Harbor, upper floor
Vol. 2
Sold by Hubel
Vol. 3
Lumidouce Harbor, upper floor
La Chanson d'Erinnyes is a Book Collection found in Fontaine.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Trivia
4.1 Etymology
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
7 References
Vol. 1[]
How the emissary of King Remus came to Erinnyes, asking her for a gift of Aremori Castle's water and earth, and for her to submit to the Sumphonia Capitolii (which means "the eternal harmony").
Chapter 6
Part 7
How the emissary of King Remus came to Erinnyes, asking her for a gift of Aremori Castle's water and earth, and for her to submit to the Sumphonia Capitolii (which means "the eternal harmony").
Of the glorious deeds of Otkerus of Rhenanie, a righteous and noble knight, and his valiant battle against a venom-breathing dragon,
Much has already been said earlier that we shall draw to a close here. Now, we shall look back and talk of Erinnyes in those days.
At the time, Erinnyes had just defeated the princes of Bellouacoi, Atrebatis, and Uiromanduoi, and accepted their allegiance.
And so the residents of those lands knew of the kindness of the Mistress of Many Waters, submitting to her rule with sincerity.
To celebrate that fealty and wisdom, eight days of feasting were ordered in Aremori Castle, with all to be treated as honored guests.
On that day, a musician arrived, an emissary dispatched by King Remus of Capitolii, claiming to have a message to deliver.
He came with no attendants or guards, just a single horse, and a golden-tipped fasces as a symbol of his status.
Everyone present was deeply displeased, but the emissary was permitted to speak out of respect for Erinnyes, the beloved leader of the knights.
On seeing Erinnyes, the emissary first wished her well and performed a formal bow, before explaining his intent. 
"I represent the most honorable and greatest King Remus, emperor of all, and send my regards to your court."
"May your anger never destroy your powers of reasoning. King Remus asks of you two gifts, as legitimate tribute."
"The first is water, for the purest of waters can wash away all sins. The second is earth, for dense earth can resist the erosion that looms."
"King Remus expects you and your people to honor his wishes. Should you dare resist, death shall be sure to follow."
The emissary's message sent Sir Guillaume of Gellone into a rage, and he drew the sacred blade Narbonnais from its scabbard.
"Cease, you braggart! To make such threats on this occasion is an insult to every knight here."
"And if you mean to threaten my sworn liege, there is no need for me to hold back. I shall have your head, sir, in a single stroke!"
More of the brave knights drew their swords, including Knight Blancandrin and his compatriot Knight Marsile.
But the wise Knight Erinnyes gave an order to the knights present: the emissary from Capitoliani was not to be harmed.
"Please, tell King Remus, great emissary, that in this whole world, there is only one to whom we bend the knee."
"And that is the beneficent Mistress of Many Waters, our mistress, who bears for us our sins, the greatest and most honorable ruler."
"No other ruler or god can be spoken of in the same breath, for she is greatest in kindness and first in glory."
On hearing that, King Remus's emissary again spoke, saying this before all gathered there:
"Before King Remus conquers your land, he shall send war or hunger or plague upon you."
"Those who once fought against each other have been brought to peace under a single ruler, and this is wisdom."
"For otherwise, who shall mourn when the waters flow over our heads? And who shall save us in our hour of need?"
"Of all these braves, who has rescued themselves from ignorance and superstition? Who hears the cries of the weak?"
"King Remus's orders are well-meant and born of pity. He does not wish to see a single person fall into the waters. He would see all saved."
Vol. 2[]
How the Knights of every region united to lend their strength to Erinnyes, in opposition to the designs of the Capitoliani to invade.
How the knights of every region united to lend their strength to Erinnyes, in opposition to the designs of the Capitoliani to invade.
When Sir Agricane had finished, the fine bowman Knight Drest, Prince of Lyonnais, was first to speak and offer his view:
"The harmony and prosperity that Vivarium's heir has promised us are naught but lies, his promise but trickery."
"Knight Erinnyes of the Lakelight, none so wise and noble as you should be taken in by such pretense."
"You must know that those words are aimed much like a poisoned arrow tipped with gold. It may be dazzling to watch, but the pain it brings shall be all the greater."
His fair companion, Adsiltia, the lady of the azure sail, whose name meant "daughter of ice," was next to speak:
"Vivarium's heir is the least trustworthy of traitors. That he would have such harmonious congress with Boethius is completely bewildering."
"Knight Erinnyes of the Lakelight, no matter what reason he offers, we cannot let the Capitoliani harm all we know to be good."
"Please, make up your mind as soon as you are able, and do battle with the court of the Capitoliani. For there shall be no salvation for our souls should you bend the knee."
"Let the evil disappear like dew in the sun. Oathbreakers and the unjust will be driven from this world."
"And in this way, songs will be sung of your wisdom, for those who seek to exact the debt of bloodshed will be remembered by those in misery."
And following that, Sir Naimes, Sir Tulpin, and all the other noble knights lent their swords to the fight.
Erinnyes knew of their dedication and offered her sincere thanks. Then she met with King Remus's musician and spoke to him as follows:
"Please inform King Remus, noble emissary, that no monarch of this world is bound to bow to another."
"The Mistress of Many Waters has granted us all equal honor. There are none greater who shall trample me, none lesser who must envy me."
"And I am to lead her blessed army to destroy the white dragon and the grand city, and to cleanse their bodies in their own blood."
"Like a herder drives the wolves from his flock, I will drive the invaders from this land, to serve as an eternal warning."
And with that, Erinnyes ordered Sir Fierabras to prepare wondrous gifts for the Capitoliani musician.
She also ordered the emissary to be escorted back to Carubdis Castle so he could report to King Remus. Of that, we shall write later.
Vol. 3[]
How Erinnyes bid farewell to the Mistress of Many Waters, and how she threw her sword into the lake three times.
Chapter 20
Part 3
How Erinnyes bid farewell to the Mistress of Many Waters, and how she threw her sword into the lake three times.
The Mistress of Many Waters heard all this and, in her eternal kindness, compassion, and grace, granted Erinnyes her wish. And so Erinnyes said: 
"Thank you, O Queen of Many Waters, for showing me the Pure Grail I so urgently desired, and for allowing me to complete this journey."
"Those knights who yet survive, your servants, will continue to loyally serve you and your future kingdom, following that noble musician."
"They will pursue the lingering shadows, restoring justice. For those who travel in the dark yearn for the light, while those in the light know nothing of the dark."
"Goodness is nothing but a dream. Thus do I present these good knights to you and beg that you forgive their sins."
The Mistress of Many Waters heard all this and, in her eternal kindness, compassion, and grace, granted Erinnyes her wish. And so Erinnyes said:
"O Queen of Many Waters, I confess to you my sins and do not hide my evil, for they are too grave to be forgiven."
"In your high and pure ideals, you must not forgive such sins. The only possible comfort for my soul is expulsion and exile."
"There are no angels or divine edicts. In your kind and loving land, only sin may determine sin, and only people may judge people."
"I ask only that you remember my suffering and witness our grievances. For these are like disease, like a poison."
"I submit my name into your hands, and may all who criticize us be cursed for all eternity for their lack of righteousness."
The knight with sea-colored eyes finished her speech and drew her shining sword. A beam of watery light shone from it and lit the valley.
"Oh fair Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! How you shine under the blazing sun's beams!"
"You have drunk the crimson blood of the unrighteous. Oathbreakers and the unjust have fallen like flakes of snow to the ground before your purity."
"Countless sins stain my coat, for I bear the guilt of bloodshed. I have taken lives, even that of the righteous, yet still you shine."
"May the Mistress of Many Waters have mercy! The unrighteous are not worthy of you. Beautiful and holy Lakelight, I return you now to the lake!"
Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake. Yet the sword did not sink and drifted back to her feet.
"Oh fair Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! You are so lovely and sacred, your golden hilt inlaid with jewels."
"Daeira, that maiden by the lake, that noble lady of pure waters, gifted you to the chief of knights so she could perform countless deeds."
"She once used you to conquer Peiregord; she once used you to defeat Aisias. Even the fae of the distant south could not seize you."
"May the Mistress of Many Waters have mercy! The unrighteous are not worthy of you. Beautiful, holy Lakelight, I return you now to the lake!"
Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake. Yet the sword did not sink and drifted back to her feet.
"Oh great Hauteclaire, Sword of Light! By your blade were so many conflicts settled in peace, and the ravages of war laid to rest in these lands."
"One day there shall be one nobler than I, seven times more so, who will lift you again, and they shall do deeds seven times greater."
"How many wondrous days have I spent beside you! Ah! Dawn breaks, yet I have lost the crown of righteousness forever."
"May the Mistress of Many Waters have mercy! The unrighteous are not worthy of you. Beautiful and holy Lakelight, I return you now to the lake!"
Thus did the knight with sea-colored eyes cease speaking, and she threw the sword in her hand to the waters of the lake. The sword sank without a trace.
And then she left with the spirit who had been by her side from the start, never again to be seen by any in this world.
Trivia[]
Etymology[]
The Matter of France is a body of literature and legendary material associated with the history of France. The cycle springs from the Old French chanson de geste, an early type of medieval French epic poetry, and the source for many of the names appearing in the collection.
The Book Collection itself is named after the Song of Roland (French: La Chanson de Roland).
Erinnyes' sword, Hauteclaire, is named after the magical sword wielded by Oliver, a legendary knight from the Matter of France who most famously appeared in the Song of Roland.
Blancandrin and Marsile are antagonists in the Song of Roland.
Tulpin, or Tilpin, was the bishop of Reims who appears in the Song of Roland as a bishop doubling as a warrior.
Fierabras is a character in several chansons de geste and other romances relating to the Matter of France.
Guillaume of Gellone's historical namesake is William of Gellone, a French saint who became a popular hero and has an entire literary cycle dedicated to him.
Guillaume's sword derives its name from Narbonnais, a chanson de geste in William of Gellone's cycle.
Naimes, or Naimon, is a character who appears in many chansons de geste and Italian epic romances about the Matter of France.
Otkerus, or Autchar, was a historical Frankish nobleman who, through the chansons de geste, evolved into the legendary figure Ogier the Dane.
Rhenanie is the French name of the Rhineland.
Agricane, or Agrican, is a major character in the Italian chivalric romance Orlando Innamorato about the Matter of France.
Adsiltia and Drest are possible origins of the names Iseult and Tristan respectively, the two lovers in the chivalric romance Tristan and Iseult. Drest is a Pictish name and was used by several legendary Pictish kings.
Goldoni references the "farewell of the Lochknight Drest and Adsiltia" as a "classical romance" in her second dialogue set.
Daeira was a deity connected with the Eleusinian Mysteries. Due to the secrecy of the Eleusinian Mysteries, there are many conflicting sources regarding Daeira's identity. According to Pausanias in his Description of Greece, Daeira was one of the Oceanids.
Several of the tribes named in Vol. 1 are named after territories or tribes that were conquered by Julius Caesar:
Aremorica, the name of Erinnyes' tribe,[1] is derived from Gaulish aremori and is a toponym meaning "in front of the sea." The real Aremorica, known as Armorique in French, was a region of Gaul, and a center of resistance against the Romans during Caesar's Gallic Wars. Today, it mainly refers to the peninsula in northwestern France where the Celtic region of Brittany is located.
Bellouacoi, Atrebatis, and Uiromanduoi are all Gaulish names for Belgic tribes which were defeated and conquered by Julius Caesar.
Peiregòrd, or Périgord, was a region and province of France. It came under the control of Rome after the Gallic Wars.
Las Aisiás, or Les Eyzies in French, is a commune within the Périgord area.
Cassiodor's epithet of "Vivarium's heir" is a reference to the Roman monastery Vivarium, which was founded by the Roman statesman Cassiodorus.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishLa Chanson d'ErinnyesFrench: The Song of ErinnyesChinese(Simplified)伊黎耶之歌Chinese(Traditional)伊黎耶之歌Japaneseエリニュスの歌Erinyusu no UtaThe Song of ErinnyesKorean에리니에스의 노래Erinieseu-ui NoraeSong of ErinnyesSpanishLa canción de EriniasThe Song of ErinnyesFrenchLa chanson d'ErinnyesThe Song of ErinnyesRussianПесня ЭринийPesnya EriniyThaiบทเพลงแห่ง ErinnyesVietnameseLa Chanson d'Erinnyes—GermanLa chanson d'Erinnyes—IndonesianNyanyian ErinnyesThe Song of ErinnyesPortugueseA Canção de ErinnyesTurkishErinnyes'in ŞarkısıItalianLa chanson d'Érinnyes—
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.2[Edit History]Version 4.6
A line in Vol. 2 was corrected:
Old: "Vivarium's heir is the least trustworthy of traitors. How can we reason with someone as vile as him?"
New: "Vivarium's heir is the least trustworthy of traitors. That he would have such harmonious congress with Boethius is completely bewildering."
Version 4.3
A duplicated line in Vol. 3 was corrected:
Old: "You have drunk the crimson blood of the unrighteous. Oathbreakers and the unjust have fallen like flakes of snow to the ground before your purity.""You have drunk the crimson blood of the unrighteous. Oathbreakers and the unjust have fallen like flakes of snow to the ground before your purity."
New: "You have drunk the crimson blood of the unrighteous. Oathbreakers and the unjust have fallen like flakes of snow to the ground before your purity.""Countless sins stain my coat, for I bear the guilt of bloodshed. I have taken lives, even that of the righteous, yet still you shine."
Version 4.2
La Chanson d'Erinnyes was released.
References[]
↑ Weapon Description #2: Splendor of Tranquil Waters
Tales of a Snow-Winged Goose
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Sold by Hubel
Vol. 2
Sold by Hubel
Vol. 3
Sold by Hubel
Tales of a Snow-Winged Goose is a Book Collection found in Fontaine.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Trivia
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A short fairy tale that is quite popular in Fontaine. Many children saw the exquisitely drawn cover and thought it was really written by the kind Madam Snow-Winged Goose of legend.
Pers the Penguin
Legend says there is a sea of ice far off in the south. That is where the penguins live.
Penguins are chubby little ladies and gentlemen, with tuxedos of black feathers pulled tight over their cute white bellies. You might think they look awkward on land, waddling about, unable to fly like other birds. But just you wait. You'll see them throw themselves onto those bellies and slide as if snowboarding, right into the water. With a splash, they become elegant and talented swimmers, their thick, flipper-like wings helping to streamline their bodies as they zoom about underwater.
Now, lots of children already know these penguin facts. And children who love penguins will know all this by heart.
But there is one thing that even the penguin-loving children don't know. Every penguin in the world comes from outer space, far beyond the skies. Great flocks of penguins once flew across the universe, their flippers steering them between the stars, their sleek feathers reflecting what little starlight there was out there in the void. From red giants to white dwarfs, from the shoulder of Orion to the glimmering Tannhauser Gate... The penguins explored it all. The penguins remember it all.
But, perhaps because of some interstellar catastrophe or even a simple family argument, several penguin clans split off from that galaxy-roaming flock and landed in the icy waters to the south of Teyvat. They became our first penguins. But those new arrivals found our atmosphere too thick to fly in, and their lack of prior experience with water left them unable to swim as well. Until, that is, the birth of the marvelous Pers the Penguin — the first penguin to learn to swim.
Like many young penguins, Pers would gaze up at the starry night sky, or the blue skies of daytime, and say to himself: "If only I could fly, like my ancestors!"
And so Pers decided to learn from the birds. How did they fly so high?
First, Pers the Penguin asked the biggest bird he could find: a frigatebird. And the frigatebird said: "Haha! Piece of cake! Once you bring me 30 fish, I'll spill the beans!"
And so Pers spent 50 nights on a moonlit beach, collecting 300 shells. Then he found a whale who liked shells and exchanged his 300 shells for 30 fish.
The next day, the frigatebird swallowed those 30 fish in one great big gulp before laughing and flying away. As he flew off, he called down to young Pers: "The secret to flying is to be light! Why not try losing some weight?"
Well, losing weight was easy enough. But if a penguin lost its thick layer of fat, it wouldn't be a penguin anymore. So, Pers shook his head.
And as all children know, the frigatebird got a new nickname after all this for its greed and unreasonable nature: the piratebird.
Next, Pers asked the seagulls for help. But all they did was squawk and croak. Pers was thus none the wiser, and the seagulls wound up having a big argument. In fact, some of them became so angry that they refused to fly ever again, becoming auks... Though that's a different story.
And so Pers asked a petrel for help. But the petrel would only teach him some impractical tricks, and not the basics that he needed most. Because, that noble seabird thought, surely it was better to learn how to soar through a stormy sky than to worry about trivial matters like taking off and landing.
Pers was now a very disappointed penguin. He waddled back to the beach and gazed out across the peaceful nighttime ocean. And as he did so, he noticed for the first time ever that the stars of his celestial homeland were reflected in the ocean. And he found them so beautiful that he simply... jumped in.
And, after a brief moment of panicked sinking, Pers the Penguin realized that he could fly — underwater, at least. He could whizz speedily along, or twist and turn. It was, after all, what those strong wings and that smooth round body had been made for!
And that is how Pers the Penguin became the first penguin to learn to swim. And after Pers, many other penguins plucked up the courage to take that leap into the waters and, like their ancestors, soar amongst the glimmering stars, exploring, feeding, and playing.
Once Pers had shown them the way, the penguins took to life in the water and forgot their spacefaring past. Not even in their dreams did they remember that limitless void. The penguins live here now, between sea and land.
Vol. 2[]
A short fairy tale that is quite popular in Fontaine. Many children saw the exquisitely drawn cover and thought it was really written by the kind Madam Snow-Winged Goose of legend.
Princess Marcotte
In the not-too-distant past, every type of plant and every type of beast had its own kingdom.
And in the Marcotte Kingdom, there live a princess with long pink hair. Legend has it that she was born in a crab claw and never put down roots — she always was, and always would be, a tough little seed.
"My darling daughter, my beloved treasure. Why not settle down and enjoy a life of nobility? Why do you wait so long to sprout and grow?" asked her worried and kingly father.
"Father, father, please do not fret or rage. I was born in a crab claw, and that claw will be my ship. Your daughter's fate is not to take root in the mundane earth and grow pretty flowers. It is to conquer the seas and explore a new and wonderful world!"
The king was shocked by his daughter's plans. What was wrong with pretty flowers, he thought? Wasn't he a pretty flower? And what if his daughter one day decided to set down those roots and grow an even prettier garland than his? That would be terrible.
But he only felt this way because he was ashamed of not being as pretty as he wanted to be.
And so, he had the princess and the crab claw locked up in a golden box. Then he hid the golden box in a mirror made of purest water. And then he threw the mirror into the sapphire lake of the Pluie Lotus Kingdom. There was only one way to reverse all those layers of confinement and free the princess (and the crab claw) — to make the Mother Lotus laugh. And as everyone knows, Pluie Lotuses are all too used to weeping.
"All is well again," said the king. "I can rest my regal head in peace. All I need to do is wait and wait, for my beloved daughter's seed to start to crack. She will lose her wanderlust. For what choice will she have, but to grow..."
"And then my daughter will be like me. She will follow her destiny and grow strong and healthy."
But the brave princess was not cowed by her long imprisonment. She wrote joke after joke to try and make the Mother Lotus laugh, and practiced telling those jokes over and over. The crab claw chortled. Even the golden box guffawed. But the Mother Lotus? Nothing.
So she decided to write a comic play. She rehearsed until the crab claw couldn't help but burst into laughter and hop around — despite having no feet! She even converted the interior of the box into a theater. But still, nothing.
Next, the princess tried to find comedy in the circumstances of her imprisonment — situational comedy, she called it. Soon the crab claw was, like the princess, laughing until it cried and then crying until it laughed. And eventually, the Pluie Lotus — keen criers, as we know — found themselves giggling. Finally, the Mother Lotus could contain her curiosity no longer, and the princess was granted an audience.
And, to everyone's surprise, the princess didn't even need to tell a single joke. The Mother Lotus burst out laughing as soon as the princess entered the room. Her laughter grew louder and louder, shaking the palace walls and sending ripples across the sapphire lake.
Princess Marcotte won her freedom. But she won something more valuable as well — the ability to laugh, and to make others laugh, even in the saddest of circumstances.
In her crab claw ship, the princess sailed the ocean waves on her voyage to the new world of her dreams. And ever since, sailors have told tales of a crab claw ship.
Vol. 3[]
A short fairy tale that is quite popular in Fontaine. Many children saw the exquisitely drawn cover and thought it was really written by the kind Madam Snow-Winged Goose of legend.
Mr. Fox and the Clockwork Guardsman
A long, long time ago, Mr. Fox and the Clockwork Guardsman were good friends.
Mr. Fox was a successful thief. The Clockwork Guardsman was... well, he was a guard. Clue's in the name, isn't it?
But that was a long, long time ago, of course. They're still good friends, though. That will never change, no matter their jobs or social status.
The Clockwork Guardsman had always had a worry curled up inside him, and as the years passed and his mechanisms aged, that worry got bigger and bigger, like a balloon, and heavier and heavier, like a piglet, and it was always there no matter how much he tried to shake it off, like Mr. Fox's lovely tail. It was a very worrying worry.
So the Clockwork Guardsman told his good friend, Mr. Fox, of this concerning concern: "I've already lived a very long time. I've met so many people and said goodbye to so many. I've heard the funniest jokes and lived through the saddest times, and then I've forgotten it all and lived through it again. Even though forgetting isn't easy for a machine such as myself, it all fades."
Mr. Fox understood his friend's concerns and knew just what to suggest: "If living such a long life makes you forgetful and jaded, perhaps it is time to die, and in doing so, to make your life real."
"But, my fluffiest of friends," the Clockwork Guard said, removing his alloy guard's cap and sighing, "didn't you steal Death from Ms. Toad's dressing table in that heist many years ago? It caused quite the commotion, as I recall. The living things of the world all forgot how to die."
As, we all know, Ms. Toad is Death's envoy, the queen of all that is ugly, cold, and annoying. She guards that coldest jewel, Death itself.
"Ah, I was so young then. I remember I was madly in love with Ms. Jackal, and I wanted to bring her the most expensive treasure I could find."
"And?"
"I succeeded. But she died."
Death slipped from Ms. Jackal's hand and shattered on the ground. The fragments melted into the earth, never to be seen again. And as that happened, the creatures of the world started to die as normal once more, with all that should have been dead now being so. Except, that is, for Mr. Fox, who should have died, but didn't. His life dragged on.
"Death still exists in this world! All we need do is search for it!" And so Mr. Fox and the Clockwork Guardsman, furry paw in cold metal hand, left the city they called home to search for Death in all the corners of the world.
And they searched and they searched and then they searched some more. They searched until Mr. Fox's beautiful red coat had turned white. They searched until the Clockwork Guardsman's pride and joy, his official guard badge, had rusted. Finally, they reached the place where Ms. Toad lived.
"Ms. Toad? Ms. Toad?" called the Guardsman, as he knocked on the door.
Ms. Toad opened the door slowly and stretched out her warty, scabby hand.
"Lovely Ms. Toad, I am so sorry to bother you again," said Mr. Fox as he took off his hat. "But my good friend is in great pain, and you are the keeper of the only cure."
"Ms. Toad is of course aware of how lovely she is," came a rasping voice from within the ramshackle hut. "And if your friend seeks Death, he will not find it here."
"Life is not tea and Death is not sugar. Their tastes cannot be distinguished if you live forever. But you have a mechanical heart and a mechanical tongue, and have tasted their flavor over and over, during each cycle of activation and deactivation..." Ms. Toad removed an embroidered shroud to reveal the cold jewel called Death, then extended a hand, beckoning to the Clockwork Guardsman. "Come, young guard, come, child. All must be tested, but do not admit defeat easily, my strong child..."
"My maggots will not eat you, my moss will not grow on you. Whether your enemy is time or guilt, sadness or ennui... Do not admit defeat easily, my child."
And with that, Ms. Toad took the guard's metal hand and placed it lightly on the jewel called Death, and he saw how long, long in the future, he would end—
After countless years of hardships, a battered and beaten Clockwork Guardsman was thrown into the fires of the scrapping plant, to melt into a metallic ocean of millennia of waste. All those slow metal thoughts and hard metal ideas became swift and liquid. They evolved and combined and formed a new life. It was a glorious return for all metal lifeforms, making even the release of death fade in comparison.
And so the Clockwork Guardsman saw the future and gave up his dreams of dying. His good friend Mr. Fox, meanwhile, withdrew his thieving hand and left the jewel where it was. Indeed, life encompasses more than just bitterness akin to tea. If he had a friend to accompany him through the hard times, what rush was there? He could steal this extraordinary jewel later.
Later, as all children know, Mr. Fox and the Clockwork Guardsman lived long, long lives, until the little world they lived in was but a desert, until the sun went out, until the moon fell... And even then, their story didn't end. It lived on, passed from world to world.
Trivia[]
This book collection is based on the fairy tale collection Histoires ou contes du temps passé, also known as Mother Goose Tales, by French author Charles Perrault.
In Volume 1, the line "From red giants to white dwarfs, from the shoulder of Orion to the glimmering Tannhauser Gate..." is a reference to the Tears in rain monologue from the 1982 sci-fi film Blade Runner.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishTales of a Snow-Winged Goose—Chinese(Simplified)雪翅雁童话集Chinese(Traditional)雪翅雁童話集Japanese雪羽ガン童話集Korean흰기러기 동화집Huin'gireogi DonghwajipSpanishFábulas del ganso nievealadoFables of the Snow-Winged GooseFrenchConte d'une oie aux ailes enneigéesTale of a Snow-Winged GooseRussianСказки снежной ГусыниSkazki snezhnoy GusyniThaiชุดนิทานห่านปีกหิมะVietnameseTruyện Cổ Tích Ngỗng Cánh TuyếtGermanMärchensammlung SchneeflügelgansIndonesianKisah Angsa Bersayap SaljuTales of a Snow-Winged GoosePortugueseContos do Ganso de Asas NevadasTurkishAk Kanatlı Kazın HikayeleriItalianStoria di un'oca dalle ali di neve
Change History[]
Introduced in Version 4.0 • Released in Version 4.2[Create New History]
The Two Musketeers
Type
3 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Author
Baptiste
Location
Vol. 1
In a news stand across from Beaumont Workshop
Vol. 2
Sold by Hubel
Vol. 3
Sold by Hubel
The Two Musketeers is a Book Collection that can be found in Fontaine.
Two volumes are sold by Hubel, and a third can be picked up from a news stand opposite Beaumont Workshop.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Trivia
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Vol. 1[]
A series about conspiracy, revenge, justice, and evil that took Fontaine by storm.
An old man with gray hair carefully stood six special musket rounds on the table, looking at the brother and sister before him with his nearly blind eyes.
"Six bullets. Will they suffice?" The old man asked.
"They will," said the brother.
The old man sighed. He had kept his promise, teaching the two orphans he had found at his doorstep everything he knew.
Swordsmanship, marksmanship, deception...
How to infiltrate a mansion and not be spotted by the hounds, how to kill someone in their sleep without leaving a trace, and how to pull the trigger without hesitation...
"Six bullets, six lives..." The old man said to himself.
"No," said the sister, "five lives."
"Two of these are for the same person."
The old man didn't say anything. He didn't ask why they chose him, and he didn't ask how they planned to carry it out, just like how his teacher hadn't asked him all those years ago.
But the old man cared about his students. His nearly blind eyes had seen more than anyone in the city.
"Revenge is a one-way street, children," he said, "what you've learned from me is enough for you to live a rich and meaningful life."
"I don't want you to end up like me. Just look at my eyes — divine punishment, meted out to those who seek revenge." He tried to open his cloudy eyes for them to see.
"We died twenty years ago," said the brother. "If we don't fire these bullets at those who deserve them, then we cannot return to the land of the living."
The old man stopped speaking. He had known this day would come when he took them in.
"Alright... I will not try to persuade you any further." He supported himself with his arms and stood up. Lately, even something as simple as standing took a toll on him.
Even so, he wanted to go around the table and hug his favorite students. He knew that this was the last time they would see each other.
The old man asked, "Do you need anything else?"
"No." said the brother.
The old man noticed that the sister frowned. He couldn't see it, but he felt it.
"What is it, Iris?" the old man asked. He always liked Iris better. While she was considerate and passionate, she never hesitated when she had a gun in her hand.
Iris looked at the flowers outside the window and said, "Actually, I have another request."
"May I pick a few of your Rainbow Roses?"
—The Two Musketeers, pg. 224.
Vol. 2[]
A series about conspiracy, revenge, justice, and evil that took Fontaine by storm.
"This is it." Two muskets pointed at the Baron's head. The sound of the blood dripping from one of the guns served as a countdown for the noble's life. "Splat, splat, splat..."
"Useless trash." The Baron cursed in his mind while staring at the guards on the floor behind the two shooters. "I paid them so much money... for nothing!"
"Do you know who we are?" One of the shooters asked.
"So what if I do?"
"You can tell the judge of hell who sent you there."
The storm washed over his face, eyes, and ears, but the sound of the dripping blood was crystal clear. Splat, splat, splat...
"...I know who you are. Iris... Tulipe... My children." spoke the Baron. He was done resisting. On this stormy night, crumpled on the muddy ground, he was tired.
Tulipe spat.
"How dare you call yourself our father! I wonder what the look on your face was when you killed Mother twenty years ago — when you forced her to take poison."
The Baron sighed and closed his eyes, recalling what had happened then. To his surprise, it was effortless.
Her eyes emerged suddenly before his eyes.
How could he not have fallen in love with her?
Her wondrous silhouette, her melodious laughter... From one room to the next, she had stolen glances at him.
Her brown eyes, deep as a serene lake, shone like the night stars.
How could he have turned her down?
"Will you marry me?" Looking into her eyes, he could not say no.
How, then, could she betray him?
Why had she asked for more, thinking that he would elope with her?
Splat, splat, splat...
"She asked for too much..." the Baron said, opening his eyes.
"Mother never asked for anything. She just wanted to live a quiet life like everyone else," Iris argued. Blood dripped from the grip of her musket, but her hand did not tremble.
"She asked me to give up my wealth and run away with her!" the Baron roared. He was sure that his children didn't understand the idea of wealth and power.
"She asked you to give up your vanity, and give her true love instead, just as you had promised to," said Iris.
"You would have made the same choice were you in my shoes!"
"No," said Tulipe with conviction, "we would not kill our loved ones for wealth and power. Only the devil is capable of doing that."
The Baron shook his head. He no longer wished to argue.
Splat, splat, splat...
"What is the point of this?" he asked himself and the shooters both.
"You lost your mother, and you're about to kill your father. What else will you have left, besides your crime?"
Iris and Tulipe looked at each other. There was no hesitation in their eyes.
"Justice."
Two shots rang out, like thunder roaring through the night. Every drop of rain shivered in shock.
They stood in the rain, unmoving. The storm battered the city, but nothing was louder than their silence.
After a long time, Iris took out a Rainbow Rose and placed it on the Baron's chest. Then, falling into her brother's arms, she wept. The rain washed away her tears, and the mixture flowed freely into the earth, toward the realm of the dead...
Then, her body suddenly shook as she grabbed Tulipe's clothes.
"What's wrong, Iris?"
"Look." she pointed at the Rainbow Rose she just put down. It bloomed quietly in the dark, as vibrant as the Baron's blood.
"Mother's favorite flower... is blooming."
—The Two Musketeers, pg. 358.
Vol. 3[]
A series about conspiracy, revenge, justice, and evil that took Fontaine by storm.
Number 65, Ooze Avenue. The wooden door to a tavern in a cranny of this city of sin was kicked open with a bang.
The loud chatter stopped, and patrons put their drinks down to look at the uninvited guest in the pouring rain.
The muscular man was dressed in black from head to toe. If it weren't for the candles in the tavern, one would think that it was the heavy darkness of the night that had forced the door open.
The intruder turned slightly. The brim of his hat covered most of his face, showing only his sharp chin. He looked around, almost as if wondering why he was here. From his relaxed posture and relieved breathing, patrons could speculate that he had either accomplished something very important, or just carried out some revenge...
And, at that moment, he just wanted a drink.
He walked toward the bar, and the raindrops on his coat followed him like loyal spirits. His boots thudded with every heavy step taken, leaden with unbelievable, crushing conviction.
"Give me something strong," said he, with a voice low enough to shatter wine bottles.
The owner poured him a glass reluctantly, then looked at the door and wondered how long it would take him to wipe the boot-print off.
"Thank you," said the man, "I just accomplished something great alongside my sister."
"Well, where is she?" The owner asked, deciding to make some small talk.
"She went to plant flowers. I gave her all my money because she's always wanted to do that."
"How will you pay for your drink, then?"
The man seemed taken by surprise, as if he had never considered it.
"Guess I'll pay with this."
The man tossed a black musket onto the bartop with a thud.
The patrons next to him spilled their drinks in terror. Everyone held their breath.
"I'm not taking that."
The owner feigned calm as he replied, but quietly, he reached into the drawer under the bar, where he hid a pistolet. He wasn't sure if he could fire faster than the man in front of him, though.
"Don't worry, it just fired its last and most important shot, and it will never be used again." The explanation done, the man downed another drink.
The owner caught a glimpse of the man's face when he raised his head. It was a handsome face, with a high nose, some scars, and sad black eyes.
The owner withdrew his hand from the drawer. This man wasn't here to cause a scene. It was almost as if he had been drunk even before entering the tavern.
"May I have another?" the man asked.
"You've had enough," replied the owner.
"I know, but tonight was special." He didn't notice that the owner was trying to get him to leave.
"How so?"
"I just killed someone."
The owner's hands froze. Coming from this man, it didn't sound like a joke.
"It was revenge," added the man. "He killed my mother."
"And who was 'he'?"
"The Baron."
"Nonsense." Now the owner was certain that the man was drunk.
Everyone knew that the Baron was bad news. Many wanted to kill him, but none dared to risk their lives to try.
"I suppose you could have missed the gunshot if your farts were loud enough," the man taunted.
The owner looked at the man again. He had large hands and a muscular build. He seemed to have been through countless fights — no tavern scuffles these, but real fights that had put his life on the line.
Something flashed across the owner's mind. He recalled the recent series of musket murders, where the killer always left a Rainbow Rose and struck on stormy nights...
"No way... Are you..."
Before the owner could finish, lightning struck beyond the wooden door, and a wild gale threw it open. Night flooded in, drowning the patrons like a tidal wave.
When the candles were lit again, the man was gone, but he had left his musket behind. It stared everyone down in silence like some solemn god of death, staring into the night that belonged to it...
—The Two Musketeers, Fin.
Trivia[]
The full story is summarized by Chevreuse during Event Story Quest Roses and Muskets: Roses and Muskets: Act I - The Crack of Muskets Breaking the Silence as follows:
The story is about a pair of children born into the household of a baron, and their struggle to survive together and take revenge for their mother.
They were raised at the baron's estate, where their mother worked as a maid. The two were illegitimate children that the baron had with the maid, so they were never treated well by anyone.
One day, upon returning home, they found their mother had been murdered and left dead on the floor. It was quite evident that the culprits were the other members of the baron's household, who never had any kind words to say to them.
However, the baron was able to exert his influence and keep the whole thing under wraps. The mother's death was eventually deemed as a suicide, and there was no chance of bringing her murderers to justice. The two siblings decided to flee and someday avenge their mother.
Many years later, members of the baron's family suddenly started turning up dead one after the other... all killed by gunshot. A Rainbow Rose was found on each of the victim's bodies, being the flower that the kids' mother liked best.
The baron believed that the mother's soul had come to take vengeance on him, so he lived in fear each day.
But it was actually those two siblings who had fled all those years ago. They relied on each other to survive and trained day and night, eventually becoming adept musketeers.
They used all of their abilities to collect evidence and clues, before executing their plan and exacting revenge on the baron. Their actions let the truth behind their mother's death be known to all.
The title is a parody of the French novel The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas.
As revealed in the event Roses and Muskets, The Two Musketeers is a fictionalized version of the lives of Baptiste and Veronique and the revenge they wished to seek on their biological father, Morris.
During Roses and Muskets, Xavier produced a film adaptation of The Two Musketeers.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Two Musketeers—Chinese(Simplified)两个铳枪手Liǎngge Chòngqiāng-shǒuThe Two MusketeersChinese(Traditional)兩個銃槍手Liǎngge Chòngqiāng-shǒuJapanese二銃士NijuushiThe Two MusketeersKorean두 화승총 사수Du Hwaseungchong SasuSpanishLos dos mosqueterosThe Two MusketeersFrenchLes deux mousquetairesThe Two MusketeersRussianДва мушкетёраDva mushketyoraThe Two MusketeersThaiสองทหารเสือVietnameseHai Người Lính Ngự LâmGermanDie zwei MusketiereIndonesianSi Dua MasketirPortugueseOs Dois MosqueteirosTurkishİki SilahşorItalianI due moschettieri
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.3[Create New History]
The Little Witch and the Undying Fire
Type
7 Volume Book Collection
Quality
Location
Vol. 1
Theater Lobby
Vol. 2
Theater Lobby
Vol. 3
Theater Lobby
Vol. 4
Theater Lobby
Vol. 5
Theater Lobby
Vol. 6
Theater Lobby
Vol. 7
Theater Lobby
The Little Witch and the Undying Fire is a 7 volume Book Collection.
Contents
1 Vol. 1
2 Vol. 2
3 Vol. 3
4 Vol. 4
5 Vol. 5
6 Vol. 6
7 Vol. 7
8 Trivia
9 Other Languages
10 Change History
Vol. 1[]
The binding and layout are exquisitely made, but the actual content is all handwritten. Judging from the handwriting, there is more than one author. "Don't fuss about WHAT we're writing, the cover needs to look good! That's the only way it'll give off that 'masterpiece' feeling."
This is the story of a little witch who journeyed far and wide to find the "undying fire."The story begins as such, in the westernmost part of the magic continent, where a young witch was undergoing her "Witch Certification and Final Trial." As per convention, one need only pass this trial to qualify as a true witch.The trial required lots to be drawn, and the results were completely random, a format which resulted in frequent accidents. But the magic continent was nothing if not firm in its adherence to tradition, and so, if you would believe it, they've stuck to the rules of drawing lots for trials since the very most ancient of times!There's a law in the outside world known as "Morphy's Law." That's how you write it, right...? Anyway! It means that bad things you worry about happening are probably going to happen. And thus did a completely unsurprising surprise strike the little witch!Some of the tasks given to little witches were very simple: stuff like synthesizing the final solution to the material world, the Philosopher's Stone, or perhaps finding a path to a parallel universe and finding a no-longer-extant grimoire lost to a great, ancient magical war... and so on and so on.But our main protagonist drew a topic of terrible, troubling tribulation — to find and bring back the "undying fire." Perhaps her honored teacher might have an opinion on this subject?Her teacher was just enjoying a most wonderful teatime with her friends, and she comforted her student. "It must be because you're fated to become a really great witch, so, your topic's a little harder than most. Unsolved mysteries are the most interesting, after all!""Really?""That's right. When you come back, I'll be sure to welcome you with a tea party, one lovelier than this one, even!"The teacher's friends whispered to her: "Hey now, isn't that a bit much? You obviously only made up that question because you couldn't be bothered to think up a real exam question. If such a thing even existed, we'd have perpetual motion machines by now, don't you think!? Couldn't you have done something else — you know, made her prove the Grand Unified Theory based on the Unified Electroweak Theory or something?""Oh, don't you worry! Life is full of a great many lies," the teacher spoke brazenly, "and I did not lie, did I? I know that the 'undying fire' does indeed exist. That blazing star... Huh. Hang on, when did I see it again... Must've forgotten."The teacher spun around to her pupil, saying: "Ahem! Considering that your trial is indeed quite challenging, you shall have three times the normal amount of time to complete it! Hehe, I'll be rooting for you!"
Vol. 2[]
"You're more than halfway through and you haven't even pushed the plot forward one iota! Why is it all about the setting!?" "And what would you know? Besides, this stuff isn't fleshing the setting out. It's elucidating natural science and other miscellaneous disciplines!"
Deep in the woods, nighttime.The little witch soared upon her broom beneath the blood-green moon.Blood-green was regarded as a symbol of great change in astrology, though whether such change be for good or ill cannot be determined by any result.—Actually, that shade symbolizes the dominant race of this world, the Nephilim. They were the children of gods and humans, and so their blood, too, was the conflux between the red blood of humanity and golden, divine blood. And actually-actually, the green moonlight was the result of the moon's physical composition, the distance between the planet and its moon, atmospheric scattering, and other factors.Anyway, so the little witch was soaring upon her broom beneath the blood-green moon, and then, she met a young lady who claimed to be a "fortune teller.""I wish to become a witch's familiar," said the young lady.But before they could even consider that, the little witch had something to ask: "Can fortune tellers read the skeins of fate?"The fortune teller then explained the underlying principles. Put simply, it's something like this:In our world, the stars are the heavenly strings by which humans are bound. But in other worlds, the subjects of astrological study are the solar ecliptic energies, the various lunar energies of the satellites, the will-energy of the celestial rulers of the planets, the scattered interference energy of distant stars, and the dark energy that suffuses the pitch-black cosmos. Of course, it's not like these things don't exert influence on our planet — they have merely been greatly weakened by a giant sky-shroud. As such, astrology on other worlds is far more abstract than that which is practiced in ours.By the way, other planets refer to a actual celestial bodies as an "archon" and a theorized one as a "virtual." The planet the little witch was on was no exception.You see, we also call a will that comes down from the heavens an "archon." They are normally planets that have sentient life on them, and they number seven, and therefore they are called the "seven archons." As for the virtuals, their number varies between one, two, and four. The planet the little witch was one may well have been one. And in the case of such a world, the "virtual" would be the "dark sun."Astrologists and diviners are, in essence, performing weight calculations on the sky-shroud, the cosmos, and the "archon" and "virtual" celestial bodies, before deducing individual developmental tendencies from world to world. But the relative weight of the sky-shroud over our planet is just way, way too great, and so, investigating it already allows us to obtain very precise results. As for the world the little witch and astrologist were on, they would have to go through the entire formula.After the little witch finished listening, she was very impressed by the fortune teller's learning and technique.Now they could speak of the matter of familiarhood. To be a witch's familiar was to share in her magic, and with magic, one could peer into more destinies. That said, becoming a familiar could have unforeseen side effects — it was hard to say what might happen.Yes! That's what the blood-green moon means: great change, which can't be judged as good or ill by the outcome. See how it all comes together? We didn't go off-topic!"It is a shame that I am still not a great witch. I can't make you my familiar yet, " said the little witch."I know of another way to establish a contract with a witch. It seems we must resort to using it," said the young lady.This was the night bathed in blood-green moonlight, and it was also, coincidentally, the witches' Night Carnival.By the way, the Night Carnival is an ancient, taboo ceremony. Legend has it that at such times, the witches' magical powers are at their apex. They hold rituals in secret, offering sacrifices and keeping the bonfires burning through the night. This tradition had been forgotten in the westernmost parts of the magical continent but, for some reason, it had been revived within the deep woods. Normally, this was an event that only great witches or figures greater still could be invited to, or invite others to attend.In practice, though, participation in a Carnival had a direct relation with a witch's romantic or marital status.In any case, for some totally unknown reason, the astrologist knew all about witches while the witch knew nothing about astrologists at all. The point is, they decided to go and check out the Night Carnival. Let's just go with it being a way to deal with the anxiety the little witch felt over not being able to find the "undying fire."Under the blood-green moon, the great witches danced around the bonfire.The little witch and the young astrologist hid in the shadows of trees that grew so thick that even dense clouds couldn't compare, and even the bonfire could not illuminate them."We just need to wait till the day after the ancient, forbidden night of revelry, when the dawn light first breaks and the various great witches depart."In the grey embers will be a flame that never dies. When a mortal takes this flame and offers it up, that is equivalent to signing a contract with a witch," said the young lady."Does this method always work?" The little witch asked."It's possible a witch could reject the contract, but witches do so love their spirit mediums, and I'm not afraid of becoming a fearsome creature," the young lady replied, her voice thick with yearning."In that case, isn't this an 'undying fire'?" Dark thoughts came into the little witch's mind. "What if I took that flame for my own?"And so, under the blood-green moonlight, the great witches sang their song:"If all things a witch's opera be,""Then nothing true worth mourning would the world ever see.""Our festival has come to a fruitful end.""The story shall not stay its feet,""And every night hence shall also be the witches' night."A sense of shame surged forth within the little witch as she listened from the shadows — it wasn't out of worry that those present, great witches and greater still, might include her teacher, school principal, instructors, or anything like that. She knew everyone at her school, and she was sure no one familiar was present.By the way, while the official rules at the school she attended were lax when it came to governing teachers and their students, students of similar age would still be ranked against each other. Students of different teachers were also permitted to interact outside of classes. The creation of this system could be traced back to the rise of the Western witches, long, long ago. They did not shy away from exchanging secret hexes and rituals for their mutual benefit, which would also result in their swift rise in those days. Of course, the organization that the little witch belonged to was a direct successor of these Western witches. Also, this blurb definitely wasn't just added in here because I forgot about this worldbuilding earlier.Back to the story. She said to the fortune teller:"Since we have this opportunity, go bravely forth, then! Once dawn comes, take that fire. If you should be so unfortunate as to become a monster, I will give you a quick end. You will not suffer."As a gift to commemorate this friendship, the young lady gave her treasured crystal ball to the little witch."This crystal ball feels joy for all known destined paths, and its heart breaks for all unrevealed tragedies. If you ever feel lost, allow it to be your oracle!"Actually, there's a story behind this crystal ball. It—
Vol. 3[]
Some mysterious handwriting appears before the main text: "It's so rare for R to be in her right mind for a spell. Should she really be wasting the precious little lucid time she has writing this?" "Don't worry. For a witch, this is the most important thing."
In her travels, the little witch encountered a group of people getting ready to kill demon kings.She decided to join them and go kill some demon kings.They told her: The more demon kings you kill, the greater your witch's power will grow.This is, in fact, true.Then, they encountered a mimic demon king.After this whole affair, the little witch would write a "Demon King-Slaying Chronicle" each time she hunted one.They encountered the mimic demon king in a run-down old house. At first, no one knew what was going on, assuming that the place had just gone moldy.After breathing the mold spores in, her companions turned into the following respectively: A shoddy-looking ancient robot (which the little witch found really ugly and not up to snuff when compared to alchemy), a beautiful young maiden (this team member was originally male, leading the witch to initially wonder if this was some inversion of biological sequential hermaphroditism), and a pirate (she had no idea about this one).After some time, everyone in the squad developed identity disorders. Considering that her three companions appeared to be of the same species, they should not have exhibited such different natures, while the symptoms were, by contrast, so similar.The little witch discovered that the mold had its own consciousness, and had a power that allowed similar lifeforms to turn into their ideal state. She did not change because she was already very pleased with herself.The little witch decided to test the mold's unique properties.She tried ingesting parts of it, finding it to be edible and without any side effects. Thus, it might have been a miscategorization to call it a mold, but since the mold in blue mold cheese could also be eaten, she decided to continue using that label. Something worth noting was that after a chunk had been cut away, the other mold threads would immediately disappear. Possibly a sign of a rudimentary collective intelligence.To facilitate further communication, the little witch wanted to turn into mold — and so she did.As it turned out, the mold colony only sent strange biological signals that needed deciphering. Through repeated observations, it seemed that their level of collective intelligence might be lower than she had previously thought.In the end, the mold killed committed suicide. The little witch deciphered its way of communicating communications, and as it turned out, the colony experienced dissonance in self-perception and self-dissociation when it looked upon the little witch who had become just like them. The signals they sent had in fact been philosophical speculation "Who is me, and who am I?" Its intelligence was thus much higher than expected.Her friends recovered, and told the little witch that this was the mimic demon king. It was a species of demon king, in the same taxonomic class as standard demon kings but not in the same order.It was a shame. She wished she had a chance to observe more and make some more records.Then, they encountered a chipmunk demon king, which her comrades had claimed beforehand was also a species of demon king.It was classified as belonging to the same class and superorder as a standard demon king but was part of a different grandorder.The chipmunk demon king looked very fierce indeed, and the little witch suspected that this aggressiveness stemmed from behaviors acquired during the gestation period and while nurturing their offspring.Infiltrating its old nest, they found that it was male. One of her companions was eaten.It turned out that it simply had a bad temper. The little witch decided to report the findings of this investigation to prevent the tragedy from repeating itself.They attempted to feed the chipmunk demon king seeds to lure it out. They lost another companion in the process.It seemed that this creature was not a vegetarian at all.Her final companion fled. having deduced from the pattern of events thus far that he was next on the chopping block. This was an incomplete logical induction — both the process and conclusion were mistaken.Eventually, she used high-grade boar meat to lure the chipmunk demon king into a trap. The creature's fat and fur made it resilient to fire and freezing. Though she had never dissected one, results indicated that it also had an organ enabling it to breathe underwater.A complete vacuum was used to dispatch it in the end. It seems that it still required aerobic respiration.Many demon kings seem very powerful, but they all have their weaknesses. The same is true for alchemical lifeforms.Finally, the little witch had to face a standard demon king, a great demon king of the primate order.
Vol. 4[]
Some mysterious handwriting appears before the main text: "Tsaritsa be good, how are there this many unresolved plot threads? Please, have mercy on these old bones, would you?"
So, the little witch found the great demon king. I'm sure you all remember that killi— defeating more demon kings causes witches to grow stronger. As such, the little witch was actually already amazingly powerful now! The great demon king was simply no match for her."Can you really kill a being that looks like a human and has intelligence?" Shouted the great demon king in desperation."You're right. I didn't really intend to do anything to you anyway," said the little witch. "I've never forgotten that my goal is to find the 'undying fire.' Researching, observing, and defeating demon kings was never even a means to the end, but rather just the building of a basic level of power."Then, she used — sorry, I don't know magic or mysticism — some super powerful awesome technique to bind the great demon king, and brought it back to the largest nearby city.As a trainee of the Western witches who had come out to take her exam, she naturally had credentials that proved her identity. This provided her convenient passage through the many mortal kingdoms — such things were also proven to be immensely hard to forge, thus avoiding the possibility of any cliche plotlines.This actually presented the mayor of the city with a conundrum — ah yes, this is a good time to say that this nation was a loose confederacy. And since this was a mayor, there was no aristocracy or hereditary titles — for the handling of this great demon king was truly quite tricky.I'm sure you all remember that the dominant race of this planet was the Nephilim, a hybrid of humans and gods? Right! So, the race of great demon king is actually the demon king class, and so demon kings were thus a type of Nephilim. And of course, since they were the dominant race, this meant that Nephilim were on the whole much stronger than normal humans — and since this setting for this world has hybrids of humans and gods, this meant that it has gods too.And taking a step back, the Nephilim also had a certain degree of legal immunity — If they had killed 5 humans or fewer, they couldn't be judged by human laws, and had to be repatriated to Nephilim lands. And as it happened, this great demon king had only stolen and eaten several thousand boars and chickens each.So this was fast turning into a diplomatic and political issue. Of course, the mayor could just stick the Western witches with all the blame, but that would offend every witch on the continent.Plus, the mayor was also a good friend of the little witch. She would never do anything that would hurt the organization of witches as a whole.Following some diplomatic rhetoric, some policies to appease it, and an explanation of the pros and cons, the captured great demon king accepted that retribution should only be exacted on the party who had done the wrong, meaning that his ire was now narrowed to the little witch alone.But he could not defeat her, so that was the end of that, really.Finally, I hope everyone remembers that crystal ball, because the little witch's goals had become foggy at this stage, so she decided to take it out and have a look at it.
Vol. 5[]
The writing here is practically a messy scrawl. Perhaps the author doesn't really write much, or perhaps something happened.
A familiar face surfaced in the crystal ball. "This is your magic teacher speaking. The trial is over. You were unable to obtain your witch license."
Vol. 6[]
"Is it still necessary to write this, the present moment being what it is?" "Allow me, then. Opportunities to return to this world are few and far between. Alice would think the same: If we don't continue, then everything would have been meaningless from the start."
The little witch hurried to where her teacher was. She wanted question her teacher face-to-face about why the test had ended, and why she was not to be permitted to become a witch. She wanted to throw things to the ground in front her teacher — though of course, she would only chuck the ones that could survive the impact and that she could practically lift herself while avoiding her teacher's favorite teacup. Of course, should the situation warrant it, she was even willing to smash her own second-favorite teacup to show how serious this all was. After all, she'd bought that one herself rather than it having been given to her by friends. She valued such gifts as much as the friends themselves, and would never use them as part of an emotional outburst."Octavia's back. Go catch up with her."That was what her teacher said calmly the moment they saw each other again. In an instant, the emotions that the little witch had stored up, brewed, fermented, plotted, and rehearsed pouring out countless times vanished.Octavia was a good friend of hers, and a good friend also of the legendary old witch. Her home had been destroyed, but as she lacked the courage to fight back, she had taken up a life of eternal wandering.She had seen many worlds, and had told the little witch many tales about the sky beyond the sky."The entire cosmos is going to die soon. Things peaked but not long ago, and are about to go south very fast." Octavia was sitting in a yard swathed in flowing sunlight, pouring tea into the teacups she and the little witch loved most.The little witch pulled a chair up and sat in it. "You returned so suddenly," she said, "we didn't even prepare a chair for you. You're probably sitting in the old witch's chair now.""Many stars across the cosmos have gone out. I do not know how much time is left," Octavia said, "so I wanted to come back to see you.""Is that why my teacher and the others stopped all the witch tests? Because you came back and told them this?" The little witch asked."Perhaps. In such a world, all things lose meaning, and there is no longer any need for you to become a witch.""Then I shan't be angry at my teacher any longer," the little witch said."But will you be mad at me? I caused you to lose your chance to become one," O said."I will, if you never return after leaving this time," came the little witch's reply. "I'll go to the bedroom to get your chair.""I can just sit in that old witch's chair, can't I? She's too old to get up and come sit in it nowadays.""That's no good! That chair's hers, just as your chair's yours," the little witch argued her case earnestly with O. "To each person a chair. That way, even if they are not present, their memories will be seated still. So we absolutely can't use the wrong chairs."Octavia smiled helplessly.And by way of apology for interrupting the process of the little witch becoming a proper one, she gave the latter a piece of news:So"The 'undying fire' really exists. It may be found at—"
Vol. 7[]
The binding and layout are exquisitely made, but the actual content is all handwritten. Judging from the handwriting, there is more than one author. "I have already found the meaning of writing — that is to tell you: I do so wish you were here, too."
As she was buffeted by the waves of time, passing through the vortex where countless causalities converged, piercing countless threads of the weave, she missed a great many things. Even the memorial of the great witch she had so admired ended deserted, without her in attendance.Whatever they were, the point is that the little witch passed through all manner of haphazard trials and challenges and nonsensical stuff before she managed to arrive before the old witch. Actually, it's just that the little witch didn't think those experiences were worth talking about, nor did she know why anyone bothered spilling so much ink about all that earlier stuff. When all's said and done, the most important things were the witch's tea party and the goal she was pursuing.In truth, she had already seen it before her journey began. In a sky as dark as a sack of coal — or perhaps a cavern, for as we all know, there is no difference between the two — there hung a star giving off a weak radiance, resisting the world's darkness as it encroached on every side. As the universe gradually grew dim, and all stars and stars known as suns were extinguished one by one, everyone agreed to call it the Star of Scorpio. The little witch remembered hearing about this during the witch's tea party, but she only remembered the name and nothing else.Anyway, the little witch came before the old witch, who was actually the Star of Scorpio, that which burned still, even at the end of all things. However, her flame was very weak now, barely a faint ember. The little witch held her hand, which had become as dry and brittle as a withered branch. She remembered that the old witch was once a little witch as well, with pale and tender hands that once elegantly held teacups. Those same hands had been used to bring forth much magic, kindling the flames on many worlds.The little witch said:"Looks like everyone doesn't want the flame to go out, and I get it. It can't be helped. The last time we said farewell — you were there too — the witches said that long-lived witches would lose many things as the years went by. Life, death, love, and hate would cease to have much meaning. But that isn't true. Those are just words they used to comfort the companions who departed before them. Witches, in fact, treasure every infinitesimal flame and light that shines in this dark world bereft of hope all the more. They hold even the shadows that these flames would cast dear."You often said that you weren't our equal, but I've always believed you to be the cutest, most powerful witch amongst us. You often said that you left little behind, but the stories you left to us hold countless worlds. Even should a hundred years pass, or a thousand, even if the apocalypse that a certain astrologer witch worried about comes, even if all the long-lived witches die, the little light that emanates from these little worlds will not grow dim. That's right. You were the greatest great witch — far greater than us all. I miss you. Farewell."The old witch did not respond, for all that was left here was but an empty husk, no different from the many others that the little witch had encountered in her adventures — indeed, they were even made of the same basic material, with the only difference between those and this being the minuscule light of a flame.And so, the little witch took the flame that was burning the old witch and set out on her homeward journey. Anyway, let's stop the story here. The little witch's adventures would continue, though, for she had already decided to bring the old witch's fire across the universe, to light every last corner of time.
Trivia[]
It is strongly implied that this book collection was written by various members of the Hexenzirkel, and some of the characters are inspired by the members themselves.
Vol. 1 (which references real-life concepts such as Murphy's Law and the philosopher's stone) was most likely written by Alice, who has broken the fourth wall and made references to real life multiple times.
Vol. 2 (which elucidates the study of astrology and celestial bodies) was most likely written by Astromancer Barbeloth. The fortune teller is likely modeled off of Barbeloth herself.
Vol. 3 (which mentions biology and alchemy, as well as the description directly stating her codename) was most likely written by Rhinedottir, who is known for practicing the Art of Khemia.
Vol. 4 (which mentions diplomacy and politics, as well as the author stating they have no knowledge of magic or mysticism) was most likely written by I. Ivanovna N., who was a human with no magic training. The mayor of the city is likely modeled off of I. Ivanovna herself.
Vol. 5 (which is a "messy scrawl") was most likely written by Nicole, who has messy handwriting.
Vol. 6 was most likely written by Octavia and includes herself as a self-insert character.
The author of Vol. 7 is unknown, although it notably contains a mix of writing styles from all the previous volumes.
The old witch who embodies the undying flame may represent Andersdotter: the little witch states that the old witch often told the others that she was not their equal, which parallels Andersdotter being solely human compared to the majority of the Hexenzirkel, and she left behind stories that held countless worlds, much like Andersdotter's works.
Various details imply that this book was meant to be a gift for Andersdotter; however, she might have passed away during the writing of Vol. 5.
Vol. 5 ends very abruptly, with its description speculating that "perhaps something happened," and one author questions "Is it still necessary to write this, the present moment being what it is?" in description of Vol. 6.
The description of Vol. 7 directly addresses someone who is not present. It also mentions the meaning of writing, and combined with earlier context, it is likely addressed to an already-deceased Andersdotter. The fact that it was addressed to Andersdotter in the first place implies that she was meant to be the recipient at an earlier time, before things changed.
The idea that the old witch represents Andersdotter lends further credence to this theory, as the little witch talks about the old witch in the past tense despite standing right in front of her in Vol. 7.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Little Witch and the Undying Fire—Chinese(Simplified)小魔女与不熄灭的火Chinese(Traditional)小魔女與不熄滅的火Japanese小さな魔女と消えない炎Korean꼬마 마녀와 꺼지지 않는 불Kkoma Manyeowa Kkeojiji Anneun BulSpanishLa brujita y el fuego inextinguibleThe Little Witch and the Inextinguishable FireFrenchLa petite sorcière et le feu inextinguibleThe Little Witch and the Undying FireRussianМаленькая ведьма и вечное пламяMalen'kaya ved'ma i vechnoye plamyaThaiแม่มดน้อยและเพลิงที่ไม่มีวันดับVietnameseMa Nữ Nhỏ Và Ngọn Lửa Bất DiệtGermanDie kleine Hexe und das unauslöschliche FeuerIndonesianGadis Penyihir Kecil dan Api yang Tak Pernah PadamThe Little Witch Girl and the Undying FirePortugueseA Bruxinha e as Chamas EternasTurkishKüçük Cadı ve Sönmeyen AteşItalianLa piccola strega e la fiamma perpetua
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.7[Create New History]
Biography of Gunnhildr
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
A history book on the life of the apical ancestor of the Gunnhildr Clan compiled by Eckhard Gunnhildr, a modern historian of Mondstadt. It consists of fragmented stories and legends from the aristocratic period.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Inside Dawn Winery
Biography of Gunnhildr is a Quest Item that can be found inside the Dawn Winery.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Notes
4 Other Languages
5 Change History
Text[]
May the gentle breeze of Barbatos carry words of enlightenment and deliver them into the gaze of my readers. And may the wind of freedom forever prevail in Mondstadt.
The story of the Gunnhildr Clan begins in legend, three thousand years ago during the war between the Lord of the Tower, Decarabian, and the King of the North Wind, Andrius. It was a time when Mondstadt was a frozen wasteland, and Gunnhildr was about to become the strongest leader her nomadic clan had ever seen.
Gunnhildr's father, the then-leader of the clan, had once served under Decarabian. He served until he found the despotic rule of the aloof and selfish king to be more than he could bear, whereupon he had led his clan outside of the city where ferocious winds howled without mercy. But life in the wasteland beyond the city gates was harsh and unforgiving. Though they had escaped the wrath of a tyrant, they were now faced with the wrath of relentless and all-engulfing blizzards.
Just when all hope seemed to be lost for the wandering clan, a spirit from the midst of the myriad winds heard Gunnhildr's prayers. The sincere plea of a clan chief's young daughter joined with a people's cry of help, a cry that the blizzard had all but drowned out, and became a faith. The faith gathered in front of the wind spirit like water flowing into a spring and became the source from which the wind spirit drew its power. The wind spirit used this power to make a small shelter for the clan, and bestowed upon the clan chief's daughter the power to protect.
After her father's death, Gunnhildr took his place as the clan's leader. She also became its first priestess. From that day forth, she protected her clan faithfully. When the Anemo Archon Barbatos challenged the aloof and selfish king Decarabian's rule, Gunnhildr led her people to make a stand against the Archon's fury.[Note 1] But when Barbatos finally fought through the ferocious winds and freed the tyrant's subjects, she was also the one who decorated the victorious Anemo Archon with laurels.[Note 2]
In later times, after Barbatos had departed, a class of aristocrats emerged across the land. These rulers, who were possessed of divine power, would become corrupted and turn to tyranny themselves a thousand years later, but none had the ability to predict the distant future. Not even Barbatos himself.
Gunnhildr's descendants were themselves a prominent clan within the Aristocracy. But unlike the evil and scheming Lawrence Clan, the Gunnhildrs upheld their legacy of protecting Mondstadt that was always enshrined in their motto, "for Mondstadt, as always," doing everything within their power to protect its people. During the later struggle to overthrow the Aristocracy, they took the side of the people of Mondstadt. For this reason, they were spared the sentence of exile that was imposed on the rest of the Aristocracy.
Today, the Gunnhildr Clan is a source of many brave knights and outstanding clergy members that serve in the Knights of Favonius. If history can teach us anything at all about the future, perhaps it is that the Gunnhildr Clan will continue honoring the legacy of its ancestors and its duty to the Anemo Archon: to protect Mondstadt, the land and all who inhabit it, forever.
Trivia[]
The book's cover says GUNNHILDR in the Teyvat Language.
Notes[]
↑ "The Archon's fury" refers to Decarabian, who was the Anemo Archon at the time, and not Barbatos. The phrase "the Anemo Archon Barbatos" reflects Barbatos' current status, but he was not yet the Anemo Archon at the time of this battle. This sentence is correctly translated, but the subjects can easily be confused.
↑ The official English translation took some translation liberties due to the confusion from the previous sentence, and changed the meaning of the text as a result. The proper translation should read: When Barbatos finally fought through the ferocious winds and freed the tyrant's subjects, she was also the one who decorated the newborn Anemo Archon with laurels.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishBiography of Gunnhildr—Chinese(Simplified)古恩希尔德小传Gǔ'ēnxī'ěrdé Xiǎo ZhuànBiography of GunnhildrChinese(Traditional)古恩希爾德小傳Gǔ'ēnxī'ěrdé Xiǎo ZhuànJapaneseグンヒルドの逸話Gunhirudo no ItawaAnecdote of GunnhildrKorean군힐드 전기Gunhildeu JeongiBiography of GunnhildrSpanishGenealogía de los GunnhildrGunnhildr GenealogyFrenchBiographie de GunnhildrBiography of GunnhildrRussianБиография клана ГуннхильдрBiografiya klana Gunnkhil'drBiography of Gunnhildr ClanThaiชีวประวัติของ GunnhildrChi-wa-pra-wat khong GunnhildrBiography of GunnhildrVietnameseMẩu Chuyện Nhỏ Về GunnhildrGermanGunnhildrs KurzbiografieGunnhildr's Short BiographyIndonesianBiografi GunnhildrBiography of GunnhildrPortugueseBiografia de GunnhildrBiography of GunnhildrTurkishGunnhildr'ın BiyografisiGunnhildr's BiographyItalianBiografia di GunnhildrBiography of Gunnhildr
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
1000 Years of Loneliness
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
The beginning of the Springvale Hunter's tragic fantasy journey. Where did misfortune first befall him? What marks the start and finish of the 1000-year journey of loneliness? Let this first volume of 1000 Years of Loneliness be your guide through the fantastical fog that is the life of Gothson.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Troublesome Work quest reward
1000 Years of Loneliness is a Quest Item obtained as a reward during Lisa's Story Quest Tempus Fugit Chapter: Act I - Troublesome Work.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Text[]
Many years later, when Gothson's ankle would become trapped in the same unlucky beast trap he had laid, he must have recalled the afternoon when his father had taken him into the city to take part in Ludi Harpastum.
Gothson's whole life was, without a doubt, unfortunate. But he could never quite recall when his misfortunes had begun. He spent his childhood in Springvale, under the protection of the spring fairy. Indeed, all the hunters lived peaceful and carefree lives.
When Gothson was seven summers old, his father took him to Mondstadt to watch the circus at Ludi Harpastum. This was the first time Gothson had entered the city in his life. He was held spellbound by the aromas of sweets and roasted meats, the brilliant lights and colored paper, the clowns who trained wild boars, and the magicians and their tricks.
In his dazzling childhood memories, Gothson dimly saw his father walking into the reveling crowds, passing through an archway marked with the words "Pile 'Em Up Contest," and slowly moving further away from him. But his attention was drawn to the shining fairy of the spring.
Perhaps he came to understand in his later years that the spirit at the festival was no more than an actor paid 20 Mora a day, but in his young mind, that sight was always one full of fantastical imagination.
Gothson was lulled to sleep by the spring fairy's stories, and far abroad did he wander and adventure in his boundless dreams. In an adventurer's dream, he saw rainbow jam pour forth from the mouth of an ancient relief. Gothson was about to step up and partake of it, when his dream was shattered by the sound of a fracas.
"Run!" His father's panicked, pudgy face, smeared all over with fruit juice and meat sauce, dominated his vision.
Over his shoulder, Gothson could see a towering stack of roasted meat under a glowing red light, tottering and trembling as it bent his way amid the horrified cries of the crowd.
In his flight, Gothson's father knocked a fat lady over, and threw his own hip. At once he fell, his full weight collapsing upon his son. Then, the leaning tower of roasted meat collapsed to echoing screams...
The Knights of Favonius took three days to finally clear up the roast meat, vegetables, food items, and other odds and ends that had been scattered all around the square—not to mention carry off those who had gotten a little too out of their gourds. From then on, they were forced to declare, all future Ludi Harpastums would have to be held outside the city.
So it was, then, that Gothson's house was short two hunters and had two sick people added to their number, all in one night.
What did they get for it? A gold-plated champion's medal—two days late, to boot.
Trivia[]
The book title as well as text are references to One Hundred Years of Solitude, a novel by Gabriel García Márquez.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglish1000 Years of Loneliness—Chinese(Simplified)千年孤独Qiānnián GūdúA Thousand Years of SolitudeChinese(Traditional)千年孤寂Qiānnián GūdúJapanese千年孤独Sennen KodokuA Thousand Years of SolitudeKorean천년의 고독Cheonnyeon-ui GodokA Thousand Years of LonelinessSpanishMil años de soledadA Thousand Years of SolitudeFrenchMille ans de solitudeA Thousand Years of SolitudeRussianТысяча лет одиночестваTysyacha let odinochestvaA Thousand Years of LonelinessThai1000 ปีแห่งความอ้างว้างNuengphan pi haeng khwam angwangA Thousand Years of LonelinessVietnameseCô Đơn Ngàn NămA Thousand Years of LonelinessGermanJahrtausende in EinsamkeitMillennia of LonelinessIndonesianKesepian 1.000 TahunA Thousand Years of LonelinessPortugueseMil Anos de SolidãoA Thousand Years of SolitudeTurkishBin Yıllık YalnızlıkA Thousand Years of LonelinessItalianMille anni di solitudineA Thousand Years of Solitude
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
Wind, Courage, and Wings
Amber's Quest Act
Quest Type
Chapter
Story
Lepus 
Act
I
Requirements
Adventure Rank Required
Archon Quest Requirement(s)
Prologue: Act I - The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
Wind, Courage, and Wings is the first act of Amber's Story Quest, the Lepus Chapter. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed Prologue: Act I - The Outlander Who Caught the Wind and reached Adventure Rank 8.
During the act, Amber helps the Traveler obtain their gliding license by taking her test.
Contents
1 List of Quests
2 Summary
3 Characters
4 Soundtracks
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
List of Quests[]
Glide With the Wind
License to Glide
Mondstadt Glider
They Call Him Raptor
Outrider Style
Summary[]
Glide With the Wind
The Traveler runs into Amber, who asks them how their gliding is going. She tells them that she had forgotten to inform them that they needed a gliding license to glide around Mondstadt, despite having done so without one previously. The license can only be obtained after completing an exam which she would oversee, as she gave them their glider in the first place and gives them a guidebook. Apparently the book she gave to them at first was her favorite storybook by mistake.
License to Glide / Mondstadt Glider / They Call Him Raptor
After studying the "real" guidebook, the Traveler completes the first test, upon which Amber tells them to meet her at Favonius Cathedral. While taking the test, they are spotted by Otto, who orders them down and demands their glider license. The Traveler is unable to procure one as they are taking the exam, so the Knight prepares to arrest them for breaking the law. The Outrider then comes in and apologizes to him, explaining that she was overseeing their exam. Otto tells her that he had no ill intentions, as she chose a bad time to start the exam; a criminal named Raptor stole a priceless artifact which the Knights had placed to bait him, but he had unexpectedly escaped their grasp. As such, he mistook the Traveler to be Raptor's accomplice.
Amber offers to help apprehend the criminal, which the Knight accepts and he tells her that Raptor was last seen in Springvale, with one of the sisters having placed an Anemo mark on the artifact. Upon arriving, they find several clues and hear fighting in the distance. To her disdain however, they simply find some Hilichurls attacking Farrah, a merchant who was traveling on the road. Clearing the Hilichurls, Farrah tells Amber that a man had fallen from the sky into a Hilichurl camp with a heavy object in tow and fled the scene, which the Outrider recognizes as Raptor's doing. Amber promises to send some knights over to clear the remaining Hilichurl camps in the area as the two proceed to chase after the criminal.
Outrider Style
Pressing on, they are ambushed by some Hilichurls and Raptor's men, just as the trail goes cold, indicating that he must be nearby and find his stronghold. Amber decides to modify the final exam by having the Traveler drop bombs on Hilichurls on the way, which they successfully accomplish. They soon find Raptor at a dead end, with a massive gap between them. Raptor tries to goad the pair into leaving, but Amber is unwilling to give up and jumps into the canyon, a wind current carrying her to his location. The criminal is flabbergasted and tries to escape, but Amber is able to apprehend him. She realized that he could not escape from behind, so the only way to do so was to force the three to leave.
Amber proceeds to take Raptor to the Knights' HQ to press him. The Traveler and Paimon soon catch up and meet with Amber at the Cathedral, where she gives them their gliding license. She also reveals that she is signing them up for the next Wind Gliding Championship, as no one is able to best her and she needs a challenge. She is eager for their match and reminds them not to get their license revoked.
Characters[]
6 Characters appear in this Story Quest:AmberFarrahOttoPaimonRaptorTraveler
Soundtracks[]
No.Soundtrack NameAlbumPlayed In02Legend of the WindCity of Winds and IdyllsGlide With the Wind (cutscene)Serenitea Pot13Perilous PathCity of Winds and IdyllsShadow Over Mondstadt, Kaeya's Gain, Mondstadt Glider, Justice, for Books' Sake, The Fond Farewell, Festering Desire (Quest), Archon's Rival, Involuntary Sacrifice, Blind Loyalty, Reckless Courage, To Hear Mortal Hearts, The Snowy Past, The Oni's Pride, Sky-Gazers, Land-Walkers, A Centuries-Long Dream, As by a God's Side, Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies, Dream of Falling, Fragmented Testimony, Shade Upon Red Silk, The Truth Shrouded in Shadow, An Opportunity for Rebirth, Fiction and Reality Inside and Outside the Frame (Quest), Memories That Should Not Exist, SwitcherooEvent Gameplay16An Interesting LabourCity of Winds and IdyllsThe Oni's Justice, Wild Escape (escaping the cathedral), License to Glide (gliding challenge), Mondstadt Glider (gliding challenge), Cooking Showdown (cooking competition)Locations, Event Gameplay03A Sweet SmileThe Wind and The Star TravelerWind-Riding Knight, Glide With the Wind, Sara's Worries, The Snowy PastEvent Gameplay, Serenitea Pot13Knighthood ExcellenceThe Wind and The Star TravelerKaeya's Gain, Outrider Style
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishWind, Courage, and Wings—Chinese(Simplified)风、勇气和翅膀Fēng, Yǒngqì hé ChìbǎngWind, Courage, and WingsChinese(Traditional)風、勇氣和翅膀Fēng, Yǒngqì hàn ChìbǎngJapanese風、勇気と翼Kaze, Yuuki to TsubasaWind, Courage, and WingsKorean바람, 용기와 날개Baram, Yonggiwa NalgaeWind, Courage, and WingsSpanishViento, coraje y alasWind, Courage, and WingsFrenchVents, courage & ailesWinds, Courage & WingsRussianВетер, храбрость и крыльяVeter, khrabrost' i kryl'yaWind, Courage, and WingsThaiสายลม, ความกล้าและปีกVietnameseGió, Đôi Cánh Và Dũng KhíDũng Khí勇氣Wind, Wings, and CourageGermanVon Wind, Tapferkeit und FlügelnOf Wind, Courage and WingsIndonesianAngin, Keberanian, dan SayapWind, Courage, and WingsPortugueseVento, Coragem e AsasWind, Courage, and WingsTurkishRüzgar, Cesaret ve KanatlarWind, Courage, and WingsItalianIl vento, il coraggio e le ali
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
Knights of Favonius Handbook - 5th Edition
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
A code of conduct covering language usage and behavioral norms for Mondstadt's Knights of Favonius, personally edited by Acting Grand Master Jean. All knights are expected to strictly abide by these rules and regulate their words and deeds accordingly.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Question and Answer quest reward
Knights of Favonius Handbook - 5th Edition is a Quest Item obtained after the completion of the World Quest Question and Answer.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Text[]
This handbook is a guide on the core principles of the Knights of Favonius. Knights should carefully read the contents of this handbook and strictly hold themselves to the standards detailed within their life and work, serving the people of Mondstadt as a model Knight of Favonius.
As members of the Knights of Favonius, it is incumbent upon us to be the very embodiment of the three virtues of knighthood: modesty, honesty, and self-control. These are the three pillars of Mondstadt's freedom - remember, freedom cannot exist without the support of duty.
The direct embodiment of these values comes, of course, in one's everyday speech and actions. Hence, this handbook outlines behavioral standards and language usage prescriptions that are intended to cover all potential scenarios that you may encounter in the course of duty.
Section One
A knight must exercise vigilance at all times and must never treat any potential threat to Mondstadt lightly. When it comes to your attention that a citizen of Mondstadt in need, you must come to their aid promptly and willingly, for it is the fundamental duty of the Knights of Favonius to be of service to the people of Mondstadt.
Section Two
When greeting a traveling merchant from a distant land, pay attention to express proper respect and courtesy. Do not exhibit suspicion or hostility towards them, no matter how suspicious they may seem.
Approved Language:
"Welcome to Mondstadt, strange yet respectable traveler(s)/wayfarer(s)/guest(s)!* Please state your identity and intended destination. The Knights of Favonius are here to ensure your safety."*Select the appropriate term of address accordingly.
Prohibited Language:
"Hey, you! Stop right there! State your identity, you rascal(s)/hooligan(s)/ruffian(s)/outlander(s)/trespasser(s)!"
"Welcome to the City of Wind and Song, otherworldly traveler(s)/vagrant animal(s)/burgeoning storm(s)."
Note: Refrain from using vulgar or coarse language. It is especially important never to address the guest using pejorative nomenclature, for this is certain to make them feel most unwelcome indeed.
Section Three
Never meet members of the public with an attitude of nonchalance or apathy. A responsible knight must always be ready to offer up both sword and sweat for the people's sake. Accordingly, during periods of rest, recreation, or relative inactivity, you must maintain a knightly disposition and be ready to fully re-engage in work matters at a moment's notice.
Approved Language:
(Musing to oneself while on a break) "I shall check for any previously undiscovered safety issues in Mondstadt - for I, as a knight, have a duty to safeguard Mondstadt at all times."
(Conversing with city folk at the tavern) "As a knight, I am expected to gain an understanding of people's day-to-day needs and concerns, this knowledge is also indispensable to me in the performance of my duties."
Note: Even when there is no work to be done whatsoever, it is not permissible to take a gratuitous amount of down time at your own discretion.
Prohibited Language:
(On active guard duty) "Imagine having a lifetime's supply of cider..."
(While taking a break) "Noeeeelle... Have you got a minute..."
Note: The Acting Grand Master has instructed Noelle to immediately report any work-shy knights who attempt to delegate their existing duties to her. It should go without saying that this behavior is entirely unacceptable. Penalties for violations will take the form of reduced vacation allowance and/or salary deductions. The next time that you consider shirking your duties, you are strongly advised to consider whether the consequences are worth it.
Section Four
While the Knights of Favonius respect the important place of wine in Mondstadt's cultural heritage, it is nevertheless expected that knights will exercise due self-control with regard to their alcohol intake. It is not permitted to be drunk while on duty, and it is strictly forbidden to encourage or facilitate the consumption of alcohol by minors.
Note: Knights of Favonius who are not of legal drinking age are forbidden from consuming alcohol. Accordingly, minors must always be accompanied by an adult coworker when entering taverns and other premises where alcohol is served.
Section Five (New)
Owing to a recent increase in Fatui activity in the city, knights are reminded that it is forbidden to disclose details of any matters concerning Knights of Favonius operations and strategic deployment to any persons from outside the organization while not on active duty.
Section Six
In the event of a major Mondstadt-wide emergency, Knights of Favonius are expected to lead by example and act to safeguard human lives and property. In times of crisis, when people come to you with questions, it is important to answer them clearly and calmly, and to remind them to prioritize their personal safety at all times.
Approved Language:
"Please, do not worry. The Knights of Favonius will do their utmost to protect Mondstadt!"
"When danger is imminent, please do not panic. Cover your head with both hands, and crouch down to protect your vital parts. Then, follow the instructions given to you by the Knights of Favonius crew, who will lead you to safety in a swift and orderly fashion."
(New) "Please rest assured that even though Grand Master Varka is not currently in Mondstadt, the Knights of Favonius are quite well equipped to deal with this crisis in a swift and elegant manner."*
*Only applicable during the Grand Master's absence.
Prohibited Language:
"Uh-oh, we've never had to deal with a situation like this before..."
"Even the knights are powerless in the face of a crisis of this magnitude..."
Note: Even in extreme cases where the crisis is indeed of a kind that has not been seen before, it is imperative that you do not appear overwhelmed in front of members of the public, and that you do not do or say anything to call into question the capabilities of the Knights of Favonius.
Section Seven
When greeting travelers from afar, please act hospitably by informing them of the locations of essential businesses and services, recommending popular tourist destinations, and giving any further assistance that they may request or require.
Approved Language:
"If it's your first time here, I recommend visiting Mondstadt's Cathedral."
"If you're tired, go have some of Mondstadt's famous wine at a tavern called 'Angel's Share.'"
Section Eight
Remember to espouse the virtues of modesty and honesty also in your interactions with coworkers and companions. That is to say, be self-effacing in conversation with comrades, and be open and truthful with them. Nurturing and maintaining a sense of camaraderie and solidarity between all our knights is our first line of defense against the enemy.
Approved Language:
"That was wonderful! I've never had a battle experience like that before!"
Note: Avoid exaggerating your speech to the point where you become overbearing. Your words and tone should simply express a sufficient degree of respect and cordiality towards your fellow knights.
Section Nine
As guardians of Mondstadt serving as the shield of the Anemo Archon, the Knights of Favonius must set an example for others to follow. Under no circumstances should any knight ever violate the rules and regulations of Mondstadt. If any knight is found to have damaged public property* (or the private property of a citizen of Mondstadt) while not on duty, following a damage assessment, an amount equivalent to the damages caused shall be deducted from the salary and/or bonus of the knight in question. Knights who are minors at the time of the violation, and who therefore do not receive a formal salary, will be penalized with solitary confinement in lieu of a fine, with the period of incarceration to be determined based on the severity of the violation.
*The fish and other aquatic life found in Mondstadt's lakes and rivers are classed as public property, and as such must not be destroyed under any circumstances!
Section Ten
Knights of Favonius should always remain vigilant and exercise due caution when dealing with strangers. Even when dealing with non-hostiles, a knight should clarify to the stranger their rights and responsibilities as an outsider, explaining the rules and customs of Mondstadt in a firm but fair manner.
(Amendment 1) Extra scrutiny is required when dealing with visiting diplomats from other nations whose activity gives cause for concern.
Section Eleven
In the interests of preventing incidents involving wind glider users, Knights of Favonius should also pay close attention to aerial activity in the region. Knights are required to perform spot-checks on users of wind gliders and ensure that the details therein are current and valid. Should you observe any illegal aerial activity with the city, you should shout to the offender at the top of your voice, imploring them to cease gliding immediately. Should they persist, you should take such further action as is necessary to deescalate the situation.
Note: Even if the airborne offender is an off-duty member of the Knights of Favonius, this is no cause for leniency. You have full authority to revoke the offending party's gliding license should you deem this to be appropriate course of action.
Appendix: Terminology Notes
1. Knightly virtues
Refers to the three core virtues of modesty, honesty, and self-control espoused by the Knights of Favonius. The three are mutually reinforcing and treated as a collective. Knights must conduct themselves in accordance with these virtues at all times.
2. Terms of address
Refers to the various honorifics used to address members of the public, including visitors to Mondstadt. As public servants to the free people of Mondstadt and hosts to others from beyond our borders, we are expected to use the appropriate terms of address in all encounters as an act of courtesy. An education in etiquette is mandatory for all serving knights.
3. Duty
Refers to our responsibilities to serve the people of Mondstadt and protect the freedom of Mondstadt. Officially appointed Knights of Favonius should refrain from talking flippantly or irreverently about their responsibilities or their honor as a knight in their day-to-day lives, so as to preserve the dignity of our organization's reputation.
4. The Anemo Archon (New)
The Anemo Archon Barbatos is the God of Wind and Song, the granter and guardian of Mondstadt's freedom, and the one in whom the people of this land place their faith. As an organization, the Knights of Favonius heeds the will of the Anemo Archon. This means that we must be prepared to go to war in the event that Mondstadt's freedom comes under threat.
Note: Need to add additional material on this term. Several members of the Knights of Favonius and even the Church seem not to have any belief in the Anemo Archon at all.
5. The Fatui
Diplomats and other agents of Snezhnaya stationed here in Mondstadt. They are afforded diplomatic immunity within our borders. Their activities are shrouded in mystery and deceit, and their intentions are obscure.
Warning: Always be wary around members of the Fatui. If you observe any suspicious activity, report it to headquarters immediately while taking care to prioritize your personal safety.
6. The Abyss Order
An ancient, mysterious group of enemies from the abyss. No one knows how they came to be or what they seek. Occasionally, they can be spotted causing trouble near Mondstadt.
Warning: Members of the Abyss Order are highly dangerous enemies. If you encounter one, exercise extreme caution and report its location and activity to headquarters as soon as possible.
7. Stormterror's Lair (New)
Refers to the ruins that lie to the northwest of Mondstadt. Legend holds that this area was once a city where a tyrant ruled from his tower. It has since been occupied by Dvalin, who shelters himself there. For this reason, these ruins have now been named "Stormterror's Lair."
Trivia[]
The book's cover says KNIGHTS GUIDE in the Teyvat Language.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishKnights of Favonius Handbook - 5th Edition—Chinese(Simplified)骑士团指导手册・第五版Qíshì-tuán Zhǐdǎo Shǒucè ・ Dì Wǔ BǎnKnights Instructions Manual ・ Fifth EditionChinese(Traditional)騎士團指導手冊・第五版Qíshì-tuán Zhǐdǎo Shǒucè ・ Dì Wǔ BǎnJapanese騎士団ガイドVer.5Kishidan Gaido Baajon GoKnights' Guide Version 5Korean기사단 매뉴얼・제5판Gisadan Maenyueol - Je-OpanKnights Manual - Fifth EditionSpanishManual de los Caballeros (V)Manual of the Knights (V)FrenchCode de l'Ordre de Favonius - 5e éditionCode of the Order of Favonius - 5th EditionRussianРуководство для рыцарей Ордо Фавониус. Пятое изданиеRukovodstvo dlya rytsarey Ordo Favonius. Pyatoye izdaniyeGuide for Knights of Favonius. 5th EditionThaiคู่มือแนะนำของกองอัศวิน-ฉบับที่ 5Khu-mue Nae-nam khong Kong-atsawin Chabap Thi 5The Knights' Guidebook - 5th IssueVietnameseSổ tay hướng dẫn Đội Kỵ Sĩ - Bản 5Knights Instructions Handbook - Edition 5GermanHandbuch des Ritterordens – 5. AusgabeHandbook of the Knightly Order - 5. EditionIndonesianPanduan Knights of Favonius - Edisi 5Knights of Favonius Guidebook - 5th EditionPortugueseManual dos Cavaleiros de Favonius - 5ª EdiçãoTurkishFavonius Şövalyeleri El Kitabı - 5. BaskıFavonius Knights Handbook - 5. EditionItalianManuale dei Cavalieri di Favonius, 5ª edizioneKnights of Favonius' Handbook, 5th Edition
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
Along with Divinity: Prologue
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
"Have you ever thought about what our lives would've been like without the archons?"Come and join the author in an exploration of "divinity" with humor and logic.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Grand Master's Office
Along with Divinity: Prologue is a Quest Item that can be found in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Text[]
When our perceptions are unfettered by archons and churches, we shall learn that in northern Teyvat, the people of Mondstadt preserved their culture as decades ago, even after Barbatos the Anemo Archon concealed himself. When we observe the daily lives of the people of Mondstadt from a higher perspective, it is evident that the people share a carefree nature, which mostly stems from their bountiful and pleasant living conditions. The surplus grain produced became their source of brews, and the brews further nourished their easygoing temperament. Above all, the Anemo Archon never taught them how to make wine and revel — they discovered it themselves.
But I do not intend to make my readers think that we could do without archons. On the contrary, say, if Barbatos had not guided the warm monsoons to Mondstadt with his divine powers, would Mondstadt still be so bountiful as to produce the brews that it does?
The answer would be no. Mondstadt is an inland city and would have struggled to provide for itself if not for the grace of Barbatos. If we look back through history, we learn that Mondstadt is situated on a land that was once frozen, where the living conditions were harsh and brewing would be virtually impossible. It was the power of Barbatos that changed everything.
A cumbersome preface indeed, but I hope that my readers will keep one thing in mind when reading my humble book: while it is the power of archons that created our living environment, we should be conscious of the fact that what shapes our thinking, logic, culture, philosophy and aesthetics is not the archons themselves, but the objective environment that exists around us.This world around us is what we have inherited, and what this book shows is that the people of Teyvat have always been, and always will be, heirs to a divine legacy — but not to divinity itself.
Trivia[]
The book's cover says GODS WITHIN in the Teyvat Language.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishAlong with Divinity: Prologue—Chinese(Simplified)与神性同行・序言Yǔ Shénxìng Tóngxíng - XùyánAlong with Divinity - PrefaceChinese(Traditional)與神性同行・序言Yǔ Shénxìng Tóngxíng - XùyánJapanese神性と共に・序Shinsei to Tomo ni - JoAlong with Divinity - PrefaceKorean신과 함께・프롤로그Sin-gwa Hamkke - PeurollogeuAlong with the Gods - PrologueSpanishCaminando con los dioses: PrólogoWalking with the Gods: PrologueFrenchAvec les Dieux - PrologueWith the Gods - PrologueRussianВместе с божествами. ПрологVmeste s bozhestvami. PrologAlong with the Gods. PrologueThaiเดินในทางของพระเจ้า - คำนำWalking in the Path of Gods - PrefaceVietnameseĐồng Hành Với Thần (Mở Đầu)GermanBei den Göttern – VorwortWith the Gods - PrologueIndonesianKesucian Menyertai: PrologAlong with Holiness: ProloguePortugueseJuntamente com a Divindade - PrólogoAlong with Divinity - PrologueTurkishİlahların Yolunda: BaşlangıçOn The Gods' Path: BeginningItalianAl fianco degli dèi: PrologoAlongside the Gods: Prologue
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
A history book compiled and translated from ancient stone tablets of Liyue by the historian Zichang. It contains various fragmented historical events.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Mondstadt Library
Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I is a Quest Item that can be found in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters' Library.
Contents
1 Text
2 Notes
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Text[]
In the beginning, Rex Lapis descended. He lowered the tides, raised Mt. Tianheng, and calmed the waves. Thereupon, peace was brought to the people. They cut into the mountain and found jade, they bored through the rock and made tunnels, and they piled up stones and built a settlement. It is written that the jade from the bowels of the mountain is that which glows. Hence, they named it "Shanhui Fort"[1]. In that time, all the people of Tianheng derived their livelihood from the mines, all prospered from them, and none knew poverty within a thousand-mile radius.
[1] Better known today as "Shanhui Rock," which is often simplified to "Mountain Rock," thereby stripping the name of most of its original meaning.[Note 1]
Guizhong, the Lord of Dust, was an ally to the Lord of Rock. Around Mt. Tianheng, Guizhong set up a Crossbow to keep guard, and it was named the "Guizhong Ballista." She brought her people to the north of Mt. Tianheng and taught them to tend the soil. Agriculture became their livelihood, and all prospered from it. The farming towns stretched for miles, and it was said that one could walk all the way to Stone Gate without ever leaving the network of pathways between the fields. Guizhong said to the Lord of Rock: "My people had left their home and came to this place. Here, they are happy in their abodes and content in their work, thus it is as if they have returned home. Hence, what better name to call this place than 'the Plains of the Returning and Departing?'" The Lord of Rock praised the Lord of Dust for her work, and thereafter the area was named in the tongue of Liyue "Guili Plains."
[2] It later came to pass that the gods each strove for dominance, which brought catastrophe upon the land. Though the adepti fought to protect the Guili Plains, they could not stop the tide of war, which ravaged the plains and took the life of its ruler, Guizhong. Thereupon, the Lord of Rock Rex Lapis took his people south of Mt. Tianheng. Thus the people departed from the Guili Plains for good, never to return, and it was left to become a wilderness.
Rex Lapis pacified the gods, adepti and yakshas were content in their positions, and Liyue re-entered an era of peace. Before this time, the gods waged war for centuries on end,[Note 2] and not one field was left unravaged. The people of Liyue turned to commerce and artisanship for their livelihood, and prospered once more. Those who prospered above the rest joined, calling themselves the Qixing. Thus was formed the framework around which Liyue Harbor developed. Under the jurisdiction of the Qixing were all the known trades,[Note 3] no business of Liyue took place inside or outside the nation that was not known unto them. The Millelith also took orders from the Qixing, supporting the masses at home and suppressing the monsters at the border.[Note 4] Thus became the nature of Liyue's governance under Rex Lapis.
Notes[]
↑ Shanhui Fort (Chinese: 山辉砦 Shānhuī Zhài, "Mountain Splendor Fort") had 砦 "Fort" simplified into 岩 "Rock," turning the name into Shanhui Rock (Chinese: 山辉岩 Shānhuī Yán, "Mountain Splendor Cliff, Rock"). People then dropped the 辉 Huī, "Splendor," turning the name into Mountain Rock (Chinese: 山岩 Shān Yán).
↑ In the original Chinese text, the phrase translated as "centuries on end" (meaning hundreds of years) is 千年 "millennia, thousand(s) of years, a very long time." It is impossible with current information to know the full duration of the Archon War, but it indeed lasted over 1700 years.
↑ In the original Chinese text, "all the known trades" are explicitly referred to as the Eight Trades (Chinese: 八门 "Eight Gates"). The Chinese text reads: 七星下辖又有八门，内外诸业无所不包。 "Under the administration of the Qixing are the Eight Trades [Eight Gates], and between them all trades, whether domestic or foreign, are accounted for."
↑ The phrase "suppressing the monsters at the border" (Chinese: 外镇妖魔) is better translated as "suppressing demons outside [the city's walls]," as the Millelith were not exclusively located at the border (between nations) as the English translation implies.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishStone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I—Chinese(Simplified)石书辑录・卷一Shíshū Jílù ・ Juàn YīChinese(Traditional)石書輯錄・卷一Shíshū Jílù ・ Juàn YīJapanese石書集録・1Sekishoshuuroku - Ichi‍[!][!]Assumed readingStone Writing Compilation - OneKorean석서 수록집・권1Seokseo Surokjip - Gwon IlStone Book Compilation - Volume OneSpanishRecopilación de escrituras en piedra (I)Collection of Writings In Stone (I)FrenchInscriptions sur tablette de pierre - IInscriptions on Stone Tablet - IRussianСборник каменных табличек: Часть 1Sbornik kamennykh tablichek: Chast' 1Stone Tablet Compilation: Part IThaiบันทึกรวมศิลา (I)VietnameseThạch Thư Tập Lục (I)GermanSteintafelberichte – Band IStone Tablet Reports - Volume IIndonesianKumpulan Kitab Batu: Vol. IStone Tablet Compilations: Vol. IPortugueseCompilação de Livros de Pedra - Volume ITurkishTaş Tablet Derlemeleri: Cilt IStone Tablet Compilations: Vol. IItalianIncisioni su pietra: Vol. I
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 1.5
All occurrences of 岩王 "Rock King" in the original Chinese text had their English translations standardized to "Lord of Rock," instead of being inconsistently translated as both "Lord of Rock" and "Lord of Geo."
Version 1.0
Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I was released.
Verses of Equilibrium
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
Legend has that it contains ancient incantations used to pay respects to Rex Lapis and the yaksha adepti. It also serves as a historical record of the ancient belief in the Geo Archon.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Wanwen Bookhouse
Verses of Equilibrium is a Quest Item that can be found at Wanwen Bookhouse.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Text[]
Of all the elements in the land, Geo alone stands fast,
Built on a bedrock of proud tradition, which doth make it last.
For just is the law of Rex Lapis, and ineffable His wisdom —
The cornerstones of justice, which prevails throughout His kingdom.
Slayer of foul demons, no evil would He leave unquenched.
He sought celestial order, to stay the tide of turbulence.
Adepti rallied round Him, yaksha guardians charged ahead,
Frightened by the courageous people the demons fled.
The Lord then fashioned mighty rocks, which into the earth He cast:
The sea monster subdued, peace returned at last!
Though demons lay defeated, their souls did plot revenge.
Down into the watery abyss the demonic souls did descend.
Hatred fueled their rage. Rage, in turn, did blunt their mind,
Their folly sullied the seas, whence the demons multiplied:
A demonic infestation thus engendered by the fallen souls.
Five yaksha guardians His Majesty task'd with evil to defeat,
To rid the world of poisonous rage with which the demons seethed.
Mountains shook as yaksha wrath with golden splendor burned,
But though they purged the evil, alas! One alone returned:
Alatus, by whose talons foes were quashed and peace procured.
A peace that harked to days gone by was the peace that now endured.
Peace restored, adepti back to Jueyun Karst ascended.
Duty fulfilled, yakshas off to unknown corners departed.
May this lowly offering departed souls appease.
And may these words by fire's light His Majesty's heart please.
Trivia[]
The Chinese version of this book is written in Classical Chinese poetry form, using fixed eight-character lines and five stanzas, with five lines per stanza. The English version kept the five lines, five stanzas form, using an AABB rhyme scheme (one line in each stanza does not follow any rhyme scheme).
The book's Chinese title is 玑衡经/璣衡經 Jīhéng Jīng, "Armillary Sphere Scriptures." The English title may be inspired by the Classical Chinese poetry collection Chu Ci, also translated as Verses of Chu.
Notably, the English localization consistently translates 玑衡/璣衡 Jīhéng, "armillary sphere" as "equilibrium" — Ningguang's Constellation, Opus Aequilibrium, is 玑衡仪座/璣衡儀座 Jīhéngyí-zuò, "Armillary Sphere Constellation" in Chinese.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishVerses of Equilibrium—Chinese(Simplified)玑衡经Jīhéng JīngArmillary Sphere ScripturesChinese(Traditional)璣衡經Jīhéng JīngJapanese璣衡経Kikoukei‍[!][!]Assumed readingArmillary Sphere Scriptures‍[※][※]Sino-Japanese reading of Chinese nameKorean기형경GihyeonggyeongWriting of Armillary SphereSpanishVersos de EquilibriumVerses of EquilibriumFrenchVersets d'EquilibriumVerses of EquilibriumRussianПесни равновесияPesni ravnovesiyaSongs of EquilibriumThaiบทแห่งความสมดุลVerses of EquilibriumVietnameseHoành Nghi KinhGermanSchrift vom GleichgewichtScripture of EquilibriumIndonesianKitab KeseimbanganVerses of EquilibriumPortugueseVersos de EquilíbrioTurkishDenge DizeleriVerses of EquilibriumItalianVersi di Equilibrium
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
History of Kings and Clans: Prologue
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
A comprehensive history of Mondstadt edited and compiled by the Northland History Society.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Grand Master's Office
History of Kings and Clans: Prologue is a Quest Item that can be found in the Knights of Favonius Headquarters.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Text[]
During the time of the aristocracy, the tyrants who ruled Mondstadt spurned the study of history and forbade the people from speech and song that alluded to historical events. For they knew the extent of their own degeneracy, and wished not for their deeds to be held to scrutiny by the annals of history alongside tales of heroes' honor and glory.
But the winds of history blow strong, and ultimately no wall could be built tall enough to stay them. This work is a collection of all poems, songs, and legends that have survived from the aristocratic period, interspersed with archaeologists' commentary. Its purpose is to provide a new account of Mondstadt's history from the Age of Kings all the way through to the fall of the Aristocracy. A degree of historical inaccuracy is inevitable, given that certain details are impossible to verify. We can but humbly hope that this work might elucidate the past for those who come after us, or perhaps inspire them to further investigate the facts of history on their own.
This work is divided into three sections: Section 1, "The Stormlord of the Tower and the Kingwolf of Boreas" covers the struggle between the Kings of Ice and Frost prior to Barbatos' arrival. Section 2, "The Cultivation of Mondstadt," covers Mondstadt's ancestors, including the aristocrats' predecessors, in the period during which agriculture developed. Section 3, "Tyrants, Heirs, and Rebels," covers the long rein of the Aristocracy in Mondstadt.
The reader may wish for this work to serve as a cautionary tale to future generations. In fact, it was compiled with such ambition in mind. The freedom bestowed upon us by Barbatos is also the freedom that allows us to cast off the shackles of the past in search of the truth. My only hope is that this work, in a spirit of openness and truth, may finally share with the reader those stories which it was forbidden to share in the past.
Trivia[]
The book's cover says OF KINGS AND NOBLE HOUSES in the Teyvat Language, while the book's spine says DAFSDFFSFDSFF DSFSDF which likely does not have a meaning.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishHistory of Kings and Clans: Prologue—Chinese(Simplified)列王与宗室史・序Lièwáng yǔ Zōngshì Shǐ - XùHistory of Kings and Clans - PrologueChinese(Traditional)列王與宗室史・序Lièwáng yǔ Zōngshì Shǐ - XùJapanese王と貴族の歴史・序Ou to Kizoku no Rekishi - JoHistory of Kings and Clans - PrologueKorean왕과 왕실사・차례Wang-gwa Wangsilsa - CharyeThe King and Royal History - IndexSpanishHistoria de los reyes y los clanes: PrólogoHistory of the Kings and the Clans: PrologueFrenchHistoire des rois et des clans - PrologueHistory of the Kings and the Clans - PrologueRussianИстория королей и кланов. ПрологIstoriya koroley i klanov. PrologHistory of Kings and Clans. PrologueThaiตำนานของราชาและราชวงศ์ - อารัมภบทLegend of Kings and Dynasties - PrologueVietnameseLịch Sử Vua Chúa và Tông Thất - Lời TựaGermanGeschichte der Königshäuser – PrologHistory of Royal Families - PrologueIndonesianSejarah Raja-Raja: PrologHistory of Kings: ProloguePortugueseHistória dos Reis e Clãs - PrólogoTurkishKrallar ve Klanlar Tarihi: BaşlangıçHistory of Kings and Clans: BeginningItalianStoria dei re e dei clan: PrologoHistory of Kings and Clans: Prologue
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
First Apprentice of Guhua
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
A novel by Chang the Ninth. Its thickness and weight say much about the effort he put in.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
This Novel Is Amazing!
First Apprentice of Guhua is a Quest Item obtained during the Liyue Commission This Novel Is Amazing! if the player chooses to peek inside the Sealed Package.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Text[]
A story written by Chang the Ninth. It tells the tale of a young man, frail since birth, who was adopted by a Guhua Master from the mountains. Though the boy could not practice the Guhua arts, his whole life revolved around them as he grew up in the school. After the decline of the Guhua Clan and the death of the Master, the boy and an elderly caretaker were the sole remaining disciples of the school. But the boy didn't give up, mastering all the esoteric techniques and reading every last book hidden there. Running the school single-handedly as the previous master had before him, the young man defeated countless challengers with neither Vision nor arcane weapon... He also took a young girl from Inazuma as his student.
When tumultuous times beset the world, and the girl from Inazuma left without saying goodbye, the young man decided it was time for him to explore the world beyond the mountain — starting, of course, with the distant land of Inazuma...
Trivia[]
This book has the same cover and Vera's Melancholy, so the book's cover says MELANCHOLIA in the Teyvat Language.
Kuroda, Chief Editor of the Yae Publishing House, reveals that "First Apprentice of Guhua" won the "This Novel Is Amazing!" contest in his dialogue.
This item disappears from the inventory after the player completes the commission or after the daily reset.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishFirst Apprentice of Guhua—Chinese(Simplified)古华派的大师兄Gǔhuá-pài de DàshīxiōngFirst Apprentice of the Guhua ClanChinese(Traditional)古華派的大師兄Gǔhuá-pài de DàshīxiōngJapanese古華派の兄弟子Koka-ha no Ani-DeshiSenior Disciple of the Guhua ClanKorean고화파의 대사형Gohwa-pa-ui DaesahyeongFirst Apprentice of Guhua FamilySpanishEl primer aprendiz de la Escuela GuhuaThe First Apprentice of the Guhua SchoolFrenchPremier disciple du Clan GuhuaFirst Disciple of the Guhua ClanRussianПервый ученик школы ГухуаPervyy uchenik shkoly GukhuaFirst Apprentice of Guhua SchoolThaiศิษย์คนแรกแห่งสำนัก GuhuaThe First Disciple of the Guhua SchoolVietnameseĐại Sư Huynh Phái Cổ HoaGermanDie Schüler der Guhua-SchuleThe Disciples of the Guhua SchoolIndonesianMurid Pertama GuhuaFirst Apprentice of GuhuaPortuguesePrimeiro Aprendiz de GuhuaFirst Apprentice of GuhuaTurkishGuhua'nın İlk TalebesiGuhua's First StudentItalianIl primo apprendista di GuhuaThe First Apprentice of Guhua
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
Thick Notebook
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
								Series
Notes written by Henry Morton. They describe a place seemingly not far from here.
Previous
Next
Ragged Notebook (Time and Wind)
N/A
Thick Notebook is an optional Quest Item obtained during the World Quest Time and Wind. It can be found in Henry Morton's camp south of the Thousand Winds Temple.
Contents
1 Text
2 Gallery
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Text[]
The phrase "time and wind" seems like it may have something to do with the Anemo Archon... But couldn't he have been clearer? What am I supposed to figure out with just these three words?
If it has something to do with the Anemo Archon, then whatever clues may be found should also be related to Anemo.
Then if one factors in the idea of "time"... This sundial over here should hide some secret.
Moreover, I do get an odd feeling around this place sometimes. I think it might have been 2 AM... Or was it some other time...?
I really can't remember... I only remember that sometime before dawn, the shadow cast by the sundial's pointer points right below it.
But... Well, fine. The lecturers at the Akademiya used to say that it would be best for people without Visions not to take part in practicum such as outdoor surveys.
I didn't understand what they meant then, but I suppose I do now. Even though I did find a clue, all I could do without a Vision was watch.
I wonder if the Adventurers' Guild can help me find someone who has a Vision and is willing to help.
Speaking of which, why is Mondstadt's Adventurers' Guild still so tiny?
Gallery[]
LocationItem Thick Notebook Location Context.pngAdditional context
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThick Notebook—Chinese(Simplified)厚厚的笔记Hòuhòu de BǐjìThick NotesChinese(Traditional)厚厚的筆記Hòuhòu de BǐjìJapanese分厚いノートBuatsui NootoThick NotebookKorean두꺼운 노트Dukkeoun NoteuThick NoteSpanishDiario grandeLarge DiaryFrenchJournal épaisThick JournalRussianТолстый дневникTolstyy dnevnikThick JournalThaiบันทึกเล่มหนาBantheuk Lem NaThick JournalVietnameseCuốn Nhật Ký DàyGermanDickes NotizheftThick NotebookIndonesianBuku Catatan TebalThick NotebookPortugueseDiário GrossoTurkishKalın DefterThick NotebookItalianTaccuino spesso
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 2.8
The following adjustments were made to the English localization:
Old: "time and the wind"New: "time and wind"
Old: But couldn't this fellow be clearer? What am I supposed to puzzle out with just these three words?New: But couldn't he have been clearer? What am I supposed to figure out with just these three words?
Old: "time..."New: "time"...
Old: I think it may have been 2 AM...New: I think it might have been 2 AM...
Old: Even though I did find a clue, all I could do without a Vision is watch.New: Even though I did find a clue, all I could do without a Vision was watch.
Version 1.0
Thick Notebook was released.
Humor From Tianheng
A poetry collection by Pingshan, The Mystic. The quality of the poems is all over the place, but it has long been a reference book or young poets or poet-wannabes in Liyue.
Source 1
In front of Verr Goldet, Wangshu Inn
Humor From Tianheng is a Quest Item that can be found in Wangshu Inn.
First Song[]
I watch two village men play chess, they play it terribly. For one of them is lacking skill — the other, strategy.
A muddled mess of bungled chess upon the board ensues. I claim to watch in ignorance... in fact, I'm quite amused!
Second Song[]
These curious rock formations! All that grows here grows awry:
There's bonsai leaves on bonsai trees that nature bonsified!
From Cor Lapis to shining jade, to silken shrubs galore, the sights exceed what many aged simpletons can endure.
Third Song[]
Jueyun Karst houses a second sky, a place that mere mortals cannot spy.
The more that one seeks it, the more it seems true, for the birds and beasts here hail from there too.
Fourth Song[]
White like silk, fine like salt, an exquisite antique is sand.
The rich expel it from their homes, but in mine, I boast that it freely roams.
Fifth Song[]
A sound assails my ears, 'tis waves that crash against the cliff.
Atop the cliff I sleep, and beneath the cliff I fish.
A thoughtless neighbor is that wind god, who tears the sky asunder. For he sends things flying everywhere, and disturbs the people's slumber.
Sixth Song[]
Spring blooms in Qingce, floral fragrance fills the air. It's times like this I really wish my mom and dad were there.
Silvergrass softly rustles in the cool autumnal breeze. I harvest it to weave new clothes before the winter freeze.
Seventh Song[]
Rex Lapis erected this mountain and built that bay by the sea.
These stratified cliffs are majestic, and those streets entertain endlessly.
Eight Song[]
Oh, how cool is the shade of the trees when summer's heat sets in! I lie my body on a bed of leaves, in a blanket of breeze ensconced.
Alas, mosquitos show no mercy to my tender skin! In haste, I flee from persecution and head back home at once.
Ninth Song[]
I took an after-dinner stroll at evening by the sea. I stroked my beard in thought and gazed out at the galaxy:
The stars across the sky connect to form a canopy, holding back the moon lest it fall into the sea.
Tenth Song[]
I stopped by Feiyun Slope to view the merchants' wares:
precious stones of every kind — from expensive to astronomical.
But why waste Mora here on rocks, and have none left to spare?
I'd rather spend at Yujing Terrace on all things gastronomical.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishHumor From Tianheng—Chinese(Simplified)天衡绝倒集Tiānhéng Juédǎo JíChinese(Traditional)天衡絕倒集Tiānhéng Juédǎo JíJapanese天衡絶倒集Tenkou Zettou ShuuTianheng Sidesplitting Humor CollectionKorean천형절 시집Cheonhyeongjeol SijipTianheng Sidesplitting AnthologySpanishHumor de TianhengHumor From TianhengFrenchHumour de TianhengHumor From TianhengRussianЮмор ТяньхэнYumor Tyan'khenTianheng HumorThaiอารมณ์ขันจาก TianhengArom Khan Chak TianhengSense of Humor from TianhengVietnameseThiên Hoành Tuyệt Đảo TậpGermanLustiges von TianhengFunny Things from TianhengIndonesianHumor TianhengTianheng HumorPortugueseHumor de TianhengTurkishTianheng MizahıTianheng HumorItalianLe vicende di TianhengThe Events of Tianheng
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
Linling's Anthology of Selected Poetry
A collection of poetry that Linling published at her own expense. It is her first publication, and she is very proud of it.
So-Called Work quest reward
Linling's Anthology of Selected Poetry is a Quest Item obtained after the completion of the Liyue Commission So-Called Work.
Contents
1 Kitty
2 Manager Xiao
3 Ocean-gazing
4 Ocean-gazing Yet Again
5 The Streets by Night
6 Mt. Tianheng
7 Spring by the Harbor
8 An Ode to Chop Suey
9 Other Languages
10 Change History
Kitty[]
Cats are good, cats are great. Cats love to meow and scratch their heads.
From the two bright eyes they use to see, hateful pests can never flee!
Manager Xiao[]
The shipyard overseer goes for a doze, his sleep so deep with a great big snore.
From far, you'd think the Geo Lord had stomach woes, but up close he sounds like a large wild boar.
Ocean-gazing[]
As I feast my eyes upon the sea, to azure water my heart is drawn.
The oars of yon ships appear unto me like the many limbs of a gigantic prawn.
Ocean-gazing Yet Again[]
Day after day, I gaze and I gaze till my eyes are weary and my heart is numb.
Year upon year, I write and recite, but I am to my poems an audience of one.
Time after time, ships will set sail like brave little river fish bound for the sea.
Sooner or later, the tides they will turn and drown out the ones who dismiss poetry.
The Streets by Night[]
A delightful sight is the star-like light from the lamps on the street with the myriad eats.
But alas, no respite from that poor little tyke named Changchang, whose weeping is hardly discreet.
Mt. Tianheng[]
Tianheng is big, Tianheng is tall, Tianheng is huge like a great city wall.
Too strong for monsters, bandits, and all. What a great big huge tall strong city wall!
Spring by the Harbor[]
These silken flora that blossom in spring, their flowers seem woven of some thread within...
It feels like it's silk, but it has a faint smell — could it be both silk and a flower as well?
An Ode to Chop Suey[]
My Zhongyuan Chop Suey is going to waste, there's far more salt in here than I care to taste.
Just one mouthful in and I'm gasping for breath. "Why is this so salty?" I gently protest.
"That's just how we make it," declares Su Er'niang, "For the few that can't take it, there's plenty who can!"
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishLinling's Anthology of Selected Poetry—Chinese(Simplified)霖铃精选诗集Línlíng Jīngxuǎn ShījíLinling's Anthology of Selected PoetryChinese(Traditional)霖鈴精選詩集Línlíng Jīngxuǎn ShījíJapanese霖鈴精選詩集Rinrei Seisen Shishuu‍[!][!]Assumed readingLinling's Anthology of Selected PoetryKorean임령 정선 시집Imryeong Jeongseon SijipLinling's Selected AnthologySpanishSelección poética de LinlingLinling's Poetry SelectionFrenchCompilation de poèmes de LinlingLinling's Compilation of PoemsRussianСборник избранных стихов Линь ЛинSbornik izbrannykh stikhov Lin' LinLinling's Anthology of Selected PoetryThaiชุดบทกวีที่ Linling คัดสรรLinling's Selected Poem SetVietnameseTuyển Tập Thơ LinlingLinling's Poetry AnthologyGermanLinlings gesammelte WerkeLinling's Collected WorksIndonesianAntologi Puisi Pilihan LinlingLinling's Anthology of Selected PoetryPortugueseSeleção de Poemas de LinlingTurkishLinling'in Şiir SeçkisiLinling's Poetry SelectionItalianAntologia di poesie selezionate di LinlingLinling's Anthology of Selected Poetry
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
Yakshas: The Guardian Adepti
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
A volume out of the 'Hidden Wonders and Folklore of Liyue' collection, which serves as Liyue's own version of 'Tour of the Land of Liyue,' an encyclopedia of folk beliefs and customs by Masudi, a scholar from Sumeru. Due to the archaic nature of the author's writing style, it was largely dismissed by the public and publishers alike. 'Yakshas, The Guardian Adepti' introduces the readers to the various yakshas who fought side-by-side with the Geo Archon.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Obtained from Glimmers of the Vigilant Yaksha
Yakshas: The Guardian Adepti is a Quest Item obtained during Glimmers of the Vigilant Yaksha in Xiao's Story Quest, Alatus Chapter: Act I - Butterfly's Dream.
Contents
1 Text
2 Other Languages
3 Change History
4 References
Text[]
Liyue knew naught but plague in antiquity. The warmongering gods made it so, for the vanquished were crushed under the rocks, and there they rotted and became soil. Thus were they returned to the cycle of Elements, which doth span both Heaven and Earth, and which knows no end. But some souls held on to their hatred and took on flesh once more as daemons. The daemons rose up in anger, giving rise to a miasma, which in turn engendered all manner of plagues, monsters and other perverse evils. They starved the earth and churned the waters, and wrought devastation on the people. Therefore, it is said: The daemonic is the shadow of the divine.
"Liyue suffered many outbreaks of disease in ancient times. Some say this was caused by the chaos of the relentless warring between gods. The defeated were squashed beneath the rocks of the earth, where they decomposed and became soil, and finally re-entered the everlasting elemental cycle. Some of the gods' souls were filled with bitterness at their fate, and refused to suffer it any longer. Their bitterness materialized and became evil monsters. The monsters' rage manifested itself in the form of diseases, monster infestations, and all kinds of other strange occurrences. The monsters ravaged the land and turned it into a wilderness, and unleashed all manner of evil upon the rivers and seas. They inflicted untold suffering on the people. Hence, what we call monsters are in fact physical manifestations of the resentment of gods defeated in war."
Rex Lapis summoned yakshas unto him to purge the daemons. Illuminated beasts of dreadful appearance and warlike temperament were they, and no brutality did they spare in their duty to defend. Of the many, five were the strongest: Bosacius, Indarias, Bonanus, Menogias, and Alatus. Wherever battle took Rex Lapis, so too did they follow, until the plague was purged. The five are known unto mortals as "The Yakshas."
"Rex Lapis summoned yakshas to help him destroy the monsters. The yakshas were illuminated beasts of Liyue. Ferocious and intimidating to behold, they were violent by nature and formidable in battle, ready to kill mercilessly to defend Rex Lapis' rule. Among the yakshas, five were known as the strongest: Bosacius, Indarias, Bonanus, Menogias, and Alatus. The five followed Rex Lapis into battle countless times, finally wiping out the evil at its source. They became known throughout the world simply as 'The Yakshas'."
"The Yakshas" were guardians of Rex Lapis for years without measure, and the evils they vanquished were incalculable. Yet, mighty though they were, beyond the torment that betide all who face war the yakshas were not, and they became afflicted. Some were given unto their rage, others unto a madness which fear mongered. Many turned to the slaughter of their own, others were bewitched by shadows of the soul. After a millennium did fate present itself unto them, and it was such: three of the five perished, the fourth vanished, and all of the myriad shared the fate of the three or the fourth. The fifth alone prevailed, and the fifth was Alatus.
"'The Yakshas' faithfully protected Rex Lapis and pacified all manner of catastrophes in the world. This continued for many years. But there came a day when the yakshas, despite their might, found that their deeds had taken their toll, and that the remnants of divine bitterness had begun to poison them. Some descended into a blind rage of a kind that cannot be put into words, or were driven by fear to equally indescribable madness. Some turned on and destroyed each other. Some were lost to delusions of the mind. After a thousand years' scourges, three of the five were slain, and one disappeared. Many other yakshas of unknown name also either died or fled. In the end, only one of the five, Alatus, survived."
Alatus is the Golden-Winged King who is also the Conqueror of Demons. None knows whence he came, nor whither he went. Only at springtime, during the offering of lanterns at night, might the people see the glow at Guyun and declare: "Behold, the Vigilant Yaksha ends the dominion of daemons!" Or they might hear the sound of a flute amongst the marsh reeds, but find none who play the flute, and thus declare: "Hark, the yaksha calls to summon his old friends to their homeland."
"Alatus is also known as the Golden-Winged King, or alternatively as the Conqueror of Demons. Nobody knows where he came from, and nobody knows where he went. In spring of each year, when the Lantern Rite festival arrives, Liyue people will gaze at the glow in the air above Guyun Stone Forest, and say: 'Behold, the Guardian Yaksha ends the dominion of demons.' Some hear a sound like a flute coming from Dihua Marsh, but when they enter the marsh there is no flutist to be found. They say: 'Hark, the yaksha calls to summon his old friends to their homeland.'"
Thus, divine endowment doth carry with it that ultimate and unbreakable trial: to lose kin, friend, or ally, to face the impossibility of redemption, to burn in everlasting anger and know no respite. To become the foe of an ancient evil was to abandon hope of both reward and resolution in his endeavors, and his torment was that of the preta, which is to be without satiety after ten thousand fates.
"For this reason, it is said that the wages of being blessed with supernatural power is a destiny of hardship and eventual destruction. For the yaksha lost all his friends, family, and those he fought alongside. He built up an incalculable karmic debt from the violent deeds his life necessitated, and the consequence was a heart filled with darkness and hatred from which there was no rest. There was no reward to be gained from making an enemy of his own bitterness and hatred from the old days, nor was there any escape from the unbearable suffering. The torment ate away at his heart like an insatiable wolf, and an infinite number of lifetimes could have done nothing to reduce it."
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishYakshas: The Guardian Adepti—Chinese(Simplified)护法仙众夜叉录Hùfǎ Xiānzhòng Yèchā LùRecord of Guardian Adepti YakshasChinese(Traditional)護法仙眾夜叉錄Hùfǎ Xiānzhòng Yèchā LùJapanese護法仙衆夜叉録Gohou Senshuu Yasha Roku[1]Record of Guardian Adepti YakshasKorean호법선중야차록HobeopseonjungyacharokThe Record of Guardian Adepti YakshasSpanishYakshas: los guardianes AdeptusYakshas: The Guardian AdeptiFrenchLes Yakshas, gardiens AdeptesThe Yakshas, Guardian AdeptiRussianЯксы: Защитники АдептовYaksy: Zashchitniki AdeptovYakshas: The Defender AdeptiThaiบันทึกยักษาเซียนผู้พิทักษ์Guardian Adepti Yakshas' RecordVietnameseHộ Pháp Tiên Chúng Dạ XoaGermanYakshas, die schützenden AdeptenYakshas, the Safeguarding AdeptiIndonesianYaksha: Adeptus PelindungYaksha: The Guardian AdeptusPortugueseYakshas: Os Guardiões AdeptiYakshas: The Guardian AdeptiTurkishYakshalar: Muhafız AdeptuslarYakshas: The Guardian AdeptiItalianYaksha: Gli Adepti guardiani
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Edit History]Version 3.1
The following adjustments were made in the English localization:
Most instances of "Yaksha(s)" were made lowercase to "yaksha(s)."
Old: Wherever battle took Rex Lapis, so did they follow [...]New: Wherever battle took Rex Lapis, so too did they follow [...]
Old: They became know throughout the world simply as 'The Yakshas'."New: They became known throughout the world simply as 'The Yakshas'."
Old: Some descended into a blind rage of a kind that can not be put into words [...]New: Some descended into a blind rage of a kind that cannot be put into words [...]
Old: Liyue people will glaze at the glow in the air [...]New: Liyue people will gaze at the glow in the air [...]
Old: They say: 'Hark, the Yaksha calls to summon his old friends to their homeland."New: They say: 'Hark, the yaksha calls to summon his old friends to their homeland.'"
Old: He built up an incalculable karmic debt from the violent deeds his like necessitated [...]New: He built up an incalculable karmic debt from the violent deeds his life necessitated [...]
Old: [...] nor there any escape from the unbearable suffering.New: [...] nor was there any escape from the unbearable suffering.
Version 1.0
Yakshas: The Guardian Adepti was released.
Version 0.7.1
Yakshas: The Guardian Adepti was available in CBT2 with the following text:
Liyue knew naught but plague in antiquity. The warmongering archons made it so, for the defeated were trapped under the rocks and became pressed, and the pressed rotted and became soil. Thus were they returned to the cycle of Elements, which doth span both Heaven and Earth, and which knows no end. Embittered arcane souls did rebel and became flesh once more, but their fleshy form was that of daemons. The burning in anger of the daemons gave rise to miasma, which in turn engendered all manner of plagues, daemons and other perverse evils. They starved the earth and boiled the waters, and wrought devastation on the people. Therefore, it is said: The daemonic is the echo of that which was defeated in the divine.
"Liyue suffered many outbreaks of disease in ancient times. Some say this was caused by the chaos of the relentless warring between archons. The defeated were squashed beneath the rocks of the earth, where they decomposed and became soil, and finally re-entered the everlasting elemental cycle. Some of the archons' souls were filled with bitterness at their fate, and refused to suffer it any longer. Their bitterness materialized and became evil monsters. The monsters' rage manifested itself in the form of diseases, monster infestations, and all kinds of other strange occurrences. The monsters ravaged the land and turned it into a wilderness, and unleashed all manner of evil upon the rivers and seas. They inflicted untold suffering on the people. Hence, what we call monsters are in fact physical manifestations of the resentment of archons defeated in war."
Rex Lapis summoned Yakshas unto him to purge the daemons. Illuminated beasts of dreadful appearance and warlike temperament were they, and no brutality did they spare in their duty to defend. Of the many, five were the strongest: Bosacius, Indarias, Bonanus, Menogias, and Alatus. Wherever battle took Rex Lapis, so did they follow, until the plague was purged. The five are known unto mortals as "The Yakshas."
"The Yakshas" were guardians of Rex Lapis for years without measure, and the evils they vanquished were incalculable. Yet, mighty though they were, beyond the torment that betide all who face war the Yakshas were not, and they became afflicted. Some were given unto their rage, others unto a madness which fear mongered. Many turned to the slaughter of their own, others were bewitched by shadows of the soul. After a millennium did fate present itself unto them, and it was such: three of the five perished, the fourth vanished, and all of the myriad shared the fate of the three or the fourth. The fifth alone prevailed, and the fifth was Alatus.
Alatus is the Golden-Winged King that is also the Great Demons Slayer. None knows whence he came, nor whither he went. Only at springtime, during the offering of lanterns at night, might the people see the glow at Guyun and declare: "Behold, the Guardian Yaksha ends the dominions of daemons!" And only then might they hear the whistling of the marsh reeds, and think it the sound of the flute, but find none in the marsh who play the flute, and thus declare: "Hark, the Yaksha calls to summon his old friends to their homeland."
Thus, divine endowment doth carry with it that ultimate and unbreakable trial: to lose kin, friend, or ally, to face the impossibility of redemption, to burn in everlasting anger and know no respite. To become the foe of an ancient evil was to abandon hope of both reward and resolution in his endeavors, and his torment was that of the preta, which is to be without satiety after ten thousand fates.
"For this reason, it is said that the wages of being blessed with supernatural power is a destiny of hardship and eventual destruction. For the Yaksha lost all his friends, family, and those he fought alongside. He built up an incalculable karmic debt from the violent deeds his like necessitated, and the consequence was a heart filled with darkness and hatred from which there was no rest. There was no reward to be gained from making an enemy of his own bitterness and hatred from the old days, nor there any escape from the unbearable suffering. The torment ate away at his heart like an insatiable wolf, and an infinite number of lifetimes could have done nothing to reduce it."
References[]
↑ Story Quest, Xiao, Alatus Chapter: Act I - Butterfly's Dream, Part 2: Glimmers of the Vigilant Yaksha (Japanese Voice-Over)
"Of Mountains and Seas"
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
Original: Notes penned by Leonard, an adventurer from the distant past. Clearly an ancient text, it has suffered much wear and tear. Most of the content has been lost to the ravages of time, with just a few fragments remaining.After decipering: Notes penned by Leonard, an adventurer from antiquity. Most ancient indeed. Mona has used her astrology to interpret its tattered contents and restore them.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Where Ancient Stars Align
"Of Mountains and Seas" is a Quest Item found in the Event Story Quest Where Ancient Stars Align in Unreconciled Stars: Act IV. This book is found in the corner of the Mondstadt Library, and is heavily obfuscated before Mona examines it.
Contents
1 Original Text
2 Deciphered Text
3 Trivia
4 Other Languages
5 Change History
Original Text[]
Thanks ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ I ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉
▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ tallest ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ dangerous. Forgive my ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ appearance ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ climb ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉, ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ wind ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ and then▉▉▉
▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ young folks ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ this mountain. Some were ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ they ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ body and mind ▉▉▉ ▉▉ perfectly ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ the next mountain ▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ challenges ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉
Good news! Alrik ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ climb the mountain ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉ kindred spirit ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉
I ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ Not until ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ climb it ▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ really ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ gemstone, carved ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ towering ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ food supplies ▉▉▉▉ the tribe ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ sufficient ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉
Another ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ leg ▉▉ ▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ bad shape, ▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ two ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ fingers ▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ right hand ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ recover ▉▉▉▉▉▉ but now ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ give up.
▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ Alrik ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ limit. ▉▉ ▉▉▉ too old ▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ bitterly cold ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ funeral for him, ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ wine ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ Just me ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ blizzard ▉▉▉▉▉ no sign of stopping, ▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ freeze over▉▉▉
▉ broke ▉▉ ▉▉▉ again ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ fracture. ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ oblivion ▉▉ ▉ barrage of hailstones ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ Somehow, ▉ avoided ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ clinging ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ finally clawing ▉▉ ▉▉▉ back onto ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉ down the mountain▉▉▉
▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ wall of ice ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉ crevice, ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ luck ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ run out▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ a year ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉
▉▉▉ sky ▉▉ so blue ▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ snowstorm ▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ a few days. I saw ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ very close ▉▉ ▉▉▉ peak ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉ cannot reach ▉▉▉
▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ sky ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ falcon▉▉▉
Just ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ ▉▉ ▉▉▉ summit ▉▉ ▉ ▉▉▉▉ mountain▉▉▉
Deciphered Text[]
Thanks to help from Venerare and... I was finally able to get across... and make it to this mountain peak...
The peak is the tallest around, and the most dangerous. Forgive my lack of a more poetic description, but from its appearance it would be apt to name it something like "Pilos Peak." But after a simple survey of the terrain, I found that maybe I could use a rope and stakes to climb up from the east face, then use the wind to throw a hook to... and then...
None of the young folks were willing to join me in climbing this mountain. Some were originally eager to give it a try, but were scared off the idea by the older adventurers. "It is a nightmare from which you cannot awaken," they would all say. The failures of those who came before them turned their hearts old before their time, and weakened their resolve. But I am not old yet. My body and mind are in perfectly good shape, and Pilos Peak is just the next mountain on my list of challenges to conquer.
Good news! Alrik has agreed to climb the mountain with me. I knew I'd find a kindred spirit eventually!
I really underestimated this mountain. Not until I tried to climb it did I realize, there is really no way up. It is like some sort of mysterious gemstone, carved to perfection, flawlessly smooth, stood there towering in all its glory... I hope the food supplies that the tribe furnished me with will be sufficient to see me to the top.
Another injury. My leg is in a very bad shape, and I have two frostbitten fingers on my left hand. At least my right hand is intact. I think it will take me months to recover fully, but now is not the time to give up.
Bad news. Today, Alrik met his limit. He was too old, and he physically could not cope with the bitterly cold snowstorms and the relentlessly steep terrain this far up the mountain. I held a brief funeral for him, and buried a bottle of his favorite wine alongside him. Just me left now. The blizzard shows no sign of stopping, so I must continue my climb while I can, lest the rocks freeze over...
I broke my leg again, but fortunately it was just a minor fracture. I barely escaped being blown into oblivion by a barrage of hailstones from this blizzard. Somehow, I avoided certain death by clinging for dear life to some sharp rocks and finally clawing my way back onto the cliff face. With much difficulty, I think I have found a way down the mountain...
If I had been thrown against that wall of ice or become trapped in a crevice, I fear that my luck would have run out... This time it has opened an old wound. I am afraid I will not be able to climb for at least a year after this...
The sky is so blue. I do not expect another snowstorm for at least a few days. I saw a falcon flying straight up into the clouds, very close to the peak of the mountain — the place so high up that I cannot reach it.
If only I could soar into the sky, just like that falcon...
Just like the baby eagles from the fairy tale, who learned to fly at the summit of a tall mountain...
Trivia[]
The book's cover says MOUNTAINS AND SEAS in the Teyvat Language.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglish"Of Mountains and Seas"—Chinese(Simplified)山与海之书Shān yǔ Hǎi zhī ShūBook of Mountains and SeasChinese(Traditional)山與海之書Shān yǔ Hǎi zhī ShūJapanese山と海の書Yama to umi no shoBook of Mountains and SeasKorean산과 바다의 책Sangwa Bada-ui ChaekBook of Mountains and SeasSpanishCompendio de montañas y océanosCompendium Of Mountains And OceansFrenchAventures en montagne et en merAdventures in the Mountains and At SeaRussianКнига гор и морейKniga gor i moreyBook of Mountains and SeasThaiหนังสือแห่งทะเลและขุนเขาNangsue haeng Thale lae Khun KhaoBook of Seas and Great MountainsVietnameseCuốn Sơn HảiBook of Mountains and SeasGermanVon den Bergen und der SeeOf Mountains and the SeaIndonesianTentang Gunung dan LautAbout Mountains and SeasPortugueseLivro das Montanhas e dos MaresBook of the Mountains and the SeasTurkishDağlar ve DenizlerMountains and SeasItalianMare e montiSea and Mountains
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.1[Create New History]
Ancient Investigation Journal: Part I
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
								Series
An investigation journal found in front of the ruins with a circular entrance. Its author seems to have been a member of the aristocracy that once ruled Mondstadt.
Previous
Next
N/A
Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Found in a chest at the Entombed City - Ancient Palace cave door.
Ancient Investigation Journal: Part I is a Quest Item obtained during the World Quest A Land Entombed.
Lore[]
...The weather remains inclement today.
Although the snow and wind are beginning to subside, one is hard-pressed to keep their eyes open when faced with the occasional gusts that still whip up.
Such conditions bring to mind an ancient verse, where wind and snow are likened by the poet to the lashes of a pale iron sword.
But just as Master Landrich once said, one must press on, no matter the difficulties met along the way.
We must return to Mondstadt bearing great achievements.
Only then will I live up to Master Landrich's expectations and bring honor to my family's name. And only then will the arrogance of those who conspire to rebel be put to rest once and for all.
Based on an inscription, we decided to abandon our original plans of exploring the cellar in the southwestern ruins in favor of going to a locked secret chamber.
According to the inscription text deciphered by Master Eberhart, the chamber should contain impressive ancient frescoes along with weapons forged from Starsilver.
If that's the case, this could easily be the most significant archaeological discovery in decades.
That's what Master Ingbert said, at least. But somehow my heart still can't forget the companions we lost in the snowstorm just days before.
I sincerely hope that Master Eberhart was right when he said that they were aristocratic children rigorously trained from childhood, and perfectly capable of making their way back to camp on their own.
We shall soon set off from South Base Camp to delve further into the inner reaches of the ruins.
This time, it is imperative that we closely examine the stability of the ruins before we enter.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishAncient Investigation Journal: Part I—Chinese(Simplified)古老的考察日志・其之一Gǔlǎo de Kǎochá Rìzhì - Qí zhī YīAncient Investigation Journal - Part OneChinese(Traditional)古老的考察日誌・其之一Gǔlǎo de Kǎochá Rìzhì - Qí zhī YīJapanese古い考察日誌・1Furui Kousatsu Nisshi - IchiAncient Investigation Journal - 1Korean오래된 고찰 일지・첫 번째Oraedoen Gochal Ilji - Cheot BeonjjaeOld Consideration Diary - FirstSpanishDiario de investigación antiguo (I)Ancient Research Journal (I)FrenchJournal d'inspection ancien - Partie IAncient Inspection Journal - Part IRussianДревний дневник исследователя. Часть IDrevniy dnevnik issledovatelya. Chast' IAncient Researcher's Journal. Part IThaiบันทึกการสำรวจโบราณ: ตอนที่ 1Banthuek Kan Samruat Boran: Thon thi NeungAncient Inspection Records: Part 1VietnameseNhật KýNhật Ký日记 Khảo SátKhảo Sát考察 Cũ (I)Old Survey Diary (I)GermanAntike Expeditionsprotokolle – Teil 1Antique Expedition Logs - Part 1IndonesianCatatan Ekspedisi Kuno: Bag. IAncient Expedition Note: Pt. IPortugueseRegistros de Expedições Antigas: Parte IRecords of Ancient Expeditions: Part ITurkishAntik Keşif Günlükleri - Bölüm IAncient Discovery Logs - Part IItalianDiario di antiche indagini: Parte IDiary of Ancient Investigations: Part I
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.2[Create New History]
Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
								Series
An investigation journal found in the basement of the ice-covered ruins. Its author seems to have been a member of the aristocracy that once ruled Mondstadt.
Previous
Next
Ancient Investigation Journal: Part I
Ancient Investigation Journal: Part III
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Found in a chest beneath the ice lake puzzle left of Starglow Cavern.
Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II is a Quest Item obtained during the World Quest A Land Entombed.
Lore[]
Due to the tragedy that befell us previously, I fear that my prior journal entries are now all but lost. It is most unfortunate that the investigation notes were lost, but the conditions here are truly dangerous.
Alas, we were unable to budge those great doors. In the end, we returned empty-handed, with no sight of the fresco or the ancient weapons which Master Ingbert so greatly desired to see.
Upon returning to South Base Camp, there was still no sign of the others who had gone missing in the snowstorm.
Although the chance may be a slim one, we can only hope that they made it down the mountain and are now returning with help and more supplies.
It certainly won't be long before our remaining supplies run out.
As cruel as it may seem to say such a thing, the cave-in that occurred just before the round doors of the secret room not only robbed us of Nick, but also all the food and fuel he was carrying.
I had said that it is imperative we first check the structural integrity of these ruins... I clearly remember telling him that.
Perhaps the streak of unfortunate incidents we've encountered in the past few days has caused me to turn bitter.
Or perhaps this is simply the natural toll such desperate conditions take on people.
The fact that Master Eberhart could maintain a level head even in the face of such adverse conditions only made all the more admirable. Perhaps this is the true tenacity of a young aristocrat.
Master Landrich's judgment seems to have been well-founded.
Even as an illegitimate child, he is quite capable of living up to the role of an aristocrat, more so than most other aristocrats, in fact.
When the storm eases a little, we will proceed to the cellar in the southwestern ruins as per Eberhart's proposal.
Based on the content of what he deciphered, there may be something very ancient within.
The sheer cold of this place has the peculiar and incomprehensible effect of preserving things the way they are.
We must not let down the companions we lost.
...And more importantly, we must not let Master Landrich down. Otherwise, I will most likely be facing off against monsters in the gladiatorial arena before too long.
Even if I beat the monsters, I would probably share the fate of Eberhart's slave, and meet my demise at the sword of the red-haired reaper of the Lawrence Clan...
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishAncient Investigation Journal: Part II—Chinese(Simplified)古老的考察日志・其之二Gǔlǎo de Kǎochá Rìzhì - Qí zhī ÈrAncient Investigation Journal - Part TwoChinese(Traditional)古老的考察日誌・其之二Gǔlǎo de Kǎochá Rìzhì - Qí zhī ÈrJapanese古い考察日誌・2Furui Kousatsu Nisshi - NiAncient Investigation Journal - 2Korean오래된 고찰 일지・두 번째Oraedoen Gochal Ilji - Du BeonjjaeOld Consideration Diary  - SecondSpanishDiario de investigación antiguo (II)Ancient Research Journal (II)FrenchJournal d'inspection ancien - Partie IIAncient Inspection Journal - Part IIRussianДревний дневник исследователя. Часть IIDrevniy dnevnik issledovatelya. Chast' IIAncient Researcher's Journal. Part IIThaiบันทึกการสำรวจโบราณ: ตอนที่ 2Banthuek Kan Samruat Boran: Thon thi SongAncient Inspection Records: Part 2VietnameseNhật Ký Khảo SátKhảo Sát考察 Cũ (II)Old Survey Diary (II)GermanAntike Expeditionsprotokolle – Teil 2Antique Expedition Logs - Part 2IndonesianCatatan Ekspedisi Kuno: Bag. IIAncient Expedition Note: Pt. IIPortugueseRegistros de Expedições Antigas: Parte IIRecords of Ancient Expeditions: Part IITurkishAntik Keşif Günlükleri - Bölüm IIAncient Discovery Logs - Part IIItalianDiario di antiche indagini: Parte IIDiary of Ancient Investigations: Part II
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.2[Create New History]
Meadow of Gems
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
This scroll, which seems to be a part of a larger series, belongs to the Jade Chamber's invaluable collection of written works. This volume is a dissertation on Liyue Harbor's economic policy.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Obtained during the quest Return of the Jade Chamber?
Source 2
Jade Chamber
Meadow of Gems is a Quest Item temporarily obtained during the World Quest Return of the Jade Chamber?, where it is a copy of the actual book made by Qingzhou and written from memory.
Another undistinguishable but permanent copy of the book can be obtained by picking it up in Ningguang's Jade Chamber.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Location
4 Other Languages
5 Change History
Text[]
Commerce and trade, like springs and streams, begin with the mountains and end with the seas. The penchant of people is to pursue profit, and when people turn their means to profitable ends, wealth is created. To possess means is to possess power, and to curb the unjust excesses of power, we restrain it with contracts to guide all things to prosper together. The strong should not bully the weak, nor should weakness be despised and strength glorified. Let it be known to all that trade and commerce allows the river of gold to flow unimpeded along its natural course — this is the just and upright way.
Some say: "There are those who lose their jobs and have no reliable source of food, nor a roof over their heads, they toil in vain in their barren fields. All the while, the wealthy merchants' residences overflow with gold and jade. What justice and uprightness is this?"
This question is devoid of insight. Like the waves that face off against the golden sands of the shoreline, the pursuit of profit topples much of what stands in its way, and like the rapids that run in the valleys, it is unrelenting. Thus those in poverty will not stay poor forever, just as the wealthy shall not hold onto their riches for eternity — but the treasury must always be filled for the nation to remain peaceful and prosperous.
Hence, it is the proper way of things to eschew prohibition, expand the economy, and reform the government. It is easy to succumb to complacency in the matter of aid, but this must not become the trend and should be curtailed. The Millelith should be expanded to pacify unrest, both the bandits at our borders and the citizens who reside within them.
Though Rex Lapis enjoys immortality, mortals require provisions and preparation to be free of worry. This grand plan charts the course that will lead us, slowly but surely, to Liyue's longevity and the people's prosperity. The task of reform is one that should be undertaken with patience, we cannot make rash, demands lest we overlook other concerns. Just as one who carves by candlelight patiently waits for the jade to take shape, so will it take time for the myriad affairs of Liyue to be gradually settled.
Trivia[]
This book was added to the Jade Chamber's interior in Version 1.2, while the access to the Jade Chamber itself as well as the quest involving its destruction were released prior, in Version 1.1. Because of this, many players had already destroyed the Jade Chamber by the time this book was added to its interior, making the area inaccessible and therefore making the permanent version of this book unobtainable to them.
Much later, Version 2.4 introduced a new Archon Quest resulting in the complete restoration of the Jade Chamber, including this book, making it now available again for players that were facing this issue.
Depending on when the player picks up the book in the Jade Chamber, the fate of the original book faces a paradox:
If the player picked up the book after its reconstruction during The Crane Returns on the Wind and has done the World Quest Return of the Jade Chamber?, it can be assumed that it is the copy that was ordered to Qingzhou as replacement, while the original was indeed lost during the first Jade Chamber's destruction.
If the player picked up the book in the Jade Chamber prior to its destruction during Turning Point, it can be assumed that the permanent copy owned by the player is the original. It is then deemed missing by the Jade Chamber staff after the destruction, seemingly unknowing of the Traveler's "borrowing", and a copy is ordered to Qingzhou, even though the player also has the original in their inventory the whole time.
This second scenario makes it possible for players to have two copies of this book present in their inventory at a time, specifically during Return of the Jade Chamber?, where both the supposed original and the new copy are transported by the player.
If the player did not pick up the book before the first Jade Chamber was destroyed, but picked it up in the newly rebuilt Jade Chamber before doing the Return of the Jade Chamber? Quest, then this means that the copy available there is neither the lost original nor the newly ordered copy, but a third copy obtained through unknown means and unaknowledged by the Jade Chamber staff, since they ask you to retreive a copy of that book even though there is currently one present in the Jade Chamber, at least until the Traveler picks it up.
Location[]
In a shelf in Ningguang's office
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishMeadow of Gems—Chinese(Simplified)珠玑宝矿Zhūjī Bǎo KuàngThe Jewel MineChinese(Traditional)珠璣寶礦Zhūjī Bǎo KuàngJapanese珠玉の鉱山Shugyoku no KouzanJewel MineKorean주옥 광물Juok GwangmulJewels and MineralsSpanishLa perla de TeyvatThe Pearl of TeyvatFrenchPerle précieusePrecious PearlRussianРоссыпь жемчугаRossyp' zhemchugaScattering of PearlsThaiเหมืองไข่มุกMueang Khai-mukThe Pearl MineVietnameseQuặng Châu BáuGermanDie JuwelenmineThe Gem MineIndonesianTambang MutiaraThe Pearl MinePortuguesePérola PreciosaPrecious PearlTurkishTeyvat'ın İncisiTeyvat's PearlItalianDistesa di gemme
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.2[Create New History]
Lost Adventure Notebook
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
A set of adventurer's notes that you picked in the ruins. It seems to contain a clue to unlocking these mechanisms.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Obtained from Expansive Eya
Lost Adventure Notebook is a Quest Item obtained during Expansive Eya in Bennett's Hangout Event: Act I - Fantastic Voyage.
Description[]
"Eric can't hold on any longer... We had no choice but to give up. I'll leave this notebook here. Maybe this treasure is destined for someone else.
As you may have noticed, the mechanism installed by the door needs someone operating it constantly. Otherwise, the other mechanisms cannot be operated.
But there's a catch...
The person operating the mechanism by the door takes on an enormous risk.
If the other mechanisms are operated in the wrong sequence, that person will face...
One other word of advice:
The number or torches does not indicate the sequence of operation... We made that mistake, and paid a painful price.
Perhaps... the order has something to do with the position of the torches on the ground?
What is the answer?
Oh, how I wish to know...
But Eric physically can't take any more..."
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishLost Adventure Notebook—Chinese(Simplified)遗落的冒险家笔记Yíluò de Màoxiǎnjiā BǐjìLost Adventurer NotesChinese(Traditional)遺落的冒險家筆記Yíluò de Màoxiǎnjiā BǐjìJapanese失われた冒険者のノートUshinawareta Boukensha no NootoLost Notes of an AdventurerKorean분실된 모험가의 노트Bunsildoen Moheomga-ui NoteuLost Adventurer's NoteSpanishDiario de aventurero extraviadoLost Adventurer's JournalFrenchNotes de l'aventurier perduLost Adventurer's NotesRussianПотерянный дневник искателя приключенийPoteryannyy dnevnik iskatelya priklyucheniyLost Adventurer's JournalThaiบันทึกการผจญภัยที่สาบสูญLost Adventure RecordsVietnameseBút Ký Thất LạcGermanVerlorene AbenteueraufzeichnungenLost Adventure RecordsIndonesianCatatan Petualang yang TertinggalAdventurer's Notebook that Left BehindPortugueseDiário de Aventureiro PerdidoTurkishKayıp Maceracının NotlarıLost Adventurer NotesItalianTaccuino dell'avventura perdutaLost Adventure Notebook
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.4[Create New History]
Ancient Investigation Journal: Part III
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
								Series
An investigation journal found in the camp on the sunny side of Dragonspine. Its author seems to have been a member of the aristocracy that once ruled Mondstadt.
Previous
Next
Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II
N/A
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Found on a shelf in a cellar from the left Teleport Waypoint of Starglow Cavern.
Ancient Investigation Journal: Part III is a Quest Item obtained during the World Quest A Land Entombed.
Lore[]
Does the history of this place make the scenery look bleaker? Or is the bleakness of the scenery here responsible for its grim history in the first place?
Could it be that I'm only having these thoughts because of all that has happened during this investigation?
Or perhaps I'm starting to lose my wits due to the blood loss and the sheer cold?
Whatever the answer, one thing I'm fairly certain of is that this will be my last journal entry.
In the end, Eberhart's plan failed... In fact, no. I rather think he succeeded.
In hindsight, his actions are all too clear. I'm surprised none of us saw what he was doing... And now I think about it, I fear that the companions we have been separated from along the way will have already fallen victim to his treachery. The cave-in in front of the secret room with the round door was surely all part of his plan.
Only at the very end when he led Master Ingbert and me into the cellar in the southwestern ruins and took out his polearm did I finally understand.
His talk of a "lost civilization buried beneath the snow" and "a power descended from the heavens" were just a means to an end.
He knew Ingbert loved the idea of exploration and adventure and used this to lure him to a deserted place where no one would be able to help him...
When all is said and done, this all comes down to him being an illegitimate child.
The polearm is an inelegant weapon, unbecoming of an aristocrat.
I wonder if he secretly trained to use it for the sole purpose of killing his master here, clearing one more obstacle from his path towards dominion over the clan.
Now I think about it, Master Parsifal's disobedience, love of chivalric play-acting, and eventual departure must surely have been encouraged by him behind the scenes...
The image of Ingbert being struck by his polearm is one I shall never be able to get out of my head.
We all grew up together. But none of us saw beyond the kind and gentle facade to the monster he was inside.
Landrich was already planning to bestow the clan name upon him after returning from the investigation anyway. Maybe if he'd known of his plans, things never would have turned out this way...
Or perhaps he did already know of his plans, and that was precisely what prompted him to take this opportunity to move himself one step closer towards the front in the line of succession...
I am sorry, Priscilla, for I will not make it back to Mondstadt.
Whoever reads this, please warn Landrich.
Eberhart is badly injured too, but there is still a chance he will make it back to Mondstadt.
And if that happens... There will only be one more obstacle left for him on his road to revolt.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishAncient Investigation Journal: Part III—Chinese(Simplified)古老的考察日志・其之三Gǔlǎo de Kǎochá Rìzhì - Qí zhī SānAncient Investigation Journal - Part ThreeChinese(Traditional)古老的考察日誌・其之三Gǔlǎo de Kǎochá Rìzhì - Qí zhī SānJapanese古い考察日誌・3Furui Kousatsu Nisshi - SanAncient Investigation Journal - 3Korean오래된 고찰 일지・세 번째Oraedoen Gochal Ilji - Se BeonjjaeOld Consideration Diary  - ThirdSpanishDiario de investigación antiguo (III)Ancient Research Journal (III)FrenchJournal d'inspection ancien - Partie IIIAncient Inspection Journal - Part IIIRussianДревний дневник исследователя. Часть IIIDrevniy dnevnik issledovatelya. Chast' IIIAncient Researcher's Journal. Part IIIThaiบันทึกการสำรวจโบราณ: ตอนที่ 3Banthuek Kan Samruat Boran: Thon thi SamAncient Inspection Records: Part 3VietnameseNhật Ký Khảo SátKhảo Sát考察 Cũ (III)Old Survey Diary (III)GermanAntike Expeditionsprotokolle – Teil 3Antique Expedition Logs - Part 3IndonesianCatatan Ekspedisi Kuno: Bag. IIIAncient Expedition Note: Pt. IIIPortugueseRegistros de Expedições Antigas: Parte IIIRecords of Ancient Expeditions: Part IIITurkishAntik Keşif Günlükleri - Bölüm IIIAncient Discovery Logs - Part IIIItalianDiario di antiche indagini: Parte IIIDiary of Ancient Investigations: Part III
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.2[Create New History]
This is a disambiguation page.The following is a list of links to pages that might share the same title.Please follow one of the disambiguation links below or search to find the page you were looking for if it is not listed. If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article.
Ragged Notebook can refer to multiple Quest Items.
Ragged Notebook (Time and Wind)
Ragged Notebook (Bygones Times Like Dust Passing)
Pharmacist's Notebook (I)
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
								Series
Notes left by Yasumoto. They still smell strongly of Naku Weed.
Previous
Next
N/A
Pharmacist's Notebook (II)
								How to Obtain
Source 1
On top of some crates in the small campsite, to the north-west of the Fort Fujitou waypoint.
Pharmacist's Notebook (I) is a Quest Item obtained during the Hidden Exploration Objective "Yasumoto's Last Notes".
Lore[]
Naoko-sensei passed away today... This makes me the final traveling doctor still left on this island ever since the Tatarigami outbreak began.
It pains me to watch as the people who stayed behind on the island fall to illness one after another. There is nothing I can do about the Tatarigami's corruption but to continue the self-deception of making sweet Lavender Melon soup for people...
"Care is also a form of remedy."
...Sensei always used to say that, but it's just a thing that medical professionals like ourselves say to make ourselves feel better...
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameEnglishPharmacist's Notebook (I)Chinese(Simplified)药师的笔记本・一Yàoshī de Bǐjìběn: YīChinese(Traditional)藥師的筆記本・一Yàoshī de Bǐjìběn: YīJapanese薬師の手帳・一Kusushi no Tenchou - IchiKorean약사의 수첩・첫 번째Yaksa-ui Sucheop - Cheot BeonjjaeSpanishNota del boticario (I)FrenchCarnet de pharmacien IRussianДневник травника (I)Dnevnik travnika (I)Thaiสมุดบันทึกของเภสัชกร ISamut Banthuek khong Phesatcha Kon NeungVietnameseNhật Ký Dược Sư IGermanNotizbuch des Apothekers IIndonesianBuku Catatan Apoteker (I)PortugueseCaderno do Farmacêutico (I)TurkishEczacının Notları (I)ItalianTaccuino del farmacista (I)
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.0[Create New History]
Pharmacist's Notebook (II)
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
								Series
Notes left by Yasumoto. It has been conscientiously protected from rain damage.
Previous
Next
Pharmacist's Notebook (I)
Pharmacist's Notebook (III)
								How to Obtain
Source 1
On top of a rock next to the trodden path, just before the Narukami Pillar east of Fort Fujitou.
Pharmacist's Notebook (II) is a Quest Item obtained during the Hidden Exploration Objective "Yasumoto's Last Notes".
Lore[]
...A woman came to me for help. She seems to be a relative of one of the miners. However, her conditions were extremely unique, and my medical abilities aren't sufficient to establish a diagnosis... All I can do is come up with this theory based on my instincts. It seems that the energies of the Tatarigami did not corrupt her. Instead, they flow freely inside of her. The patient's mind and body were not affected, but the consistent fever and the small amount of occasional bleeding are extremely hard to control...
...Though these symptoms are not lethal, I cannot be sure that they are not contagious...
...Perhaps only the hospitals in Sumeru would have a cure for this...
...I've given her directions, and told her where she will find the pirates. Uncle Onitaka may be greedy for riches, but he is also a righteous soul. He should be willing to help her...
...She has a child by the name of Chouji. I will take good care of him once this is all over...
...But I can't go to find him right now. It is not the right time yet...
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameEnglishPharmacist's Notebook (II)Chinese(Simplified)药师的笔记本・二Yàoshī de Bǐjìběn: ÈrChinese(Traditional)藥師的筆記本・二Yàoshī de Bǐjìběn: ÈrJapanese薬師の手帳・二Kusushi no Tenchou - NiKorean약사의 수첩・두 번째Yaksa-ui Sucheop - Du BeonjjaeSpanishNota del boticario (II)FrenchCarnet de pharmacien IIRussianДневник травника (II)Dnevnik travnika (II)Thaiสมุดบันทึกของเภสัชกร IISamut Banthuek khong Phesatcha Kon SongVietnameseNhật Ký Dược Sư IIGermanNotizbuch des Apothekers IIIndonesianBuku Catatan Apoteker (II)PortugueseCaderno do Farmacêutico (II)TurkishEczacının Notları (II)ItalianTaccuino del farmacista (II)
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.0[Create New History]
Pharmacist's Notebook (III)
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
								Series
Notes left by Yasumoto. It shows some signs of blotching and water damage.
Previous
Next
Pharmacist's Notebook (II)
N/A
								How to Obtain
Source 1
East-Northeast of Yasumoto's house and south-east of the northernmost waypoint, under a tree.
Pharmacist's Notebook (III) is a Quest Item obtained during the Hidden Exploration Objective "Yasumoto's Last Notes".
Lore[]
...An outlander with a chatty little fairy arrived on the island. They really came at a bad time...
...Thanks to that outlander's help, my research has been fast-tracked. I never would've believed that things would go so smoothly...
...Next, I will travel to the southern shoals of Yashiori Island to test the effects of the medicine once more. This time, I will be using the full dose...
...Whatever happens, I want to thank everyone for their help...
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameEnglishPharmacist's Notebook (III)Chinese(Simplified)药师的笔记本・三Yàoshī de Bǐjìběn: SānChinese(Traditional)藥師的筆記本・三Yàoshī de Bǐjìběn: SānJapanese薬師の手帳・三Kusushi no Tenchou - SanKorean약사의 수첩・세 번째Yaksa-ui Sucheop - Se BeonjjaeSpanishNota del boticario (III)FrenchCarnet de pharmacien IIIRussianДневник травника (III)Dnevnik travnika (III)Thaiสมุดบันทึกของเภสัชกร IIISamut Banthuek khong Phesatcha Kon SamVietnameseNhật Ký Dược Sư IIIGermanNotizbuch des Apothekers IIIIndonesianBuku Catatan Apoteker (III)PortugueseCaderno do Farmacêutico (III)TurkishEczacının Notları (III)ItalianTaccuino del farmacista (III)
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.0[Create New History]
Gliding Instruction Manual
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
A guidebook for the ones new to using wind gliders. It also serves as a mandatory reading material to get a gliding license in Mondstadt. It contains all the necessary info any user must know.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Outrider Style Quest
Gliding Instruction Manual is a Quest Item obtained during Outrider Style in Amber's Story Quest, Lepus Chapter: Act I - Wind, Courage, and Wings.
Text[]
Before gliding, make sure you are physically and mentally prepared.
Make use of a wind current or elevated terrain for take off.
Keep an eye on the wind conditions while gliding to maintain steady balance.
Pay attention to air traffic conditions and only use a wind glider while the date on your gliding license remains valid.
Keep your balance while gliding and retract the wind glider at a safe altitude.
Don't drink and glide!
Violation Cases
To make his daughter happy, a Mondstadt civilian named Rudolf jumped from his two-story house, resulting in the fracturing of his left leg and a contusion to his buttocks. This accident could have cost Lily her father. Rudolf received a warning ticket and had his gliding license suspended for one year.
A tourist named Alice summoned a wind current at Windrise by blasting an Anemo Slime and used it to quickly climb great heights with a wind glider. The legendary adventurer performed a series of aerobatic stunts in the skies above Mondstadt. Her performance earned a big round of applause from the crowd. However, Jean, the Acting Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius, summoned her and gave her a 10-day detention.
To show off his self-proclaimed lyre playing skills, José the bard tried to play the lyre while using a wind glider and insisted on singing the long sonnet he had just finished.After ten minutes of mumbling and unbearable lyre tune, the Six-Fingered José, who is acclaimed as the bard no worse than Barbatos, fell into the wishing well head first before half of the civilians of Mondstadt. Luckily, Barbatos always pays extra care to those with little self-awareness. Although the lyre and the wind glider were badly damaged, the bard himself suffered only minor bruising. José got his gliding license suspended for five years for reckless gliding and had to perform community service for three months.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishGliding Instruction Manual—Chinese(Simplified)飞行指南Fēixíng ZhǐnánChinese(Traditional)飛行指南Fēixíng ZhǐnánJapanese飛行指南Hikou ShinanKorean비행 가이드Bihaeng GaideuFlying GuideSpanishGuía de vueloFlight GuideFrenchGuide de planageGliding GuideRussianРуководство по управлению планеромRukovodstvo po upravleniyu planeromThaiคู่มือแนะนำการร่อนเวหาVietnameseHướng Dẫn BayGermanFlugratgeberFlight GuideIndonesianPanduan MeluncurGliding ManualPortugueseGuia de PlanagemTurkishUçuş RehberiFlight GuideItalianManuale di volo a vela
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
This article is about the Quest Item. For the Commission, see King of Invokations. For additional information about the book series, see Genius Invokation TCG/Lore § King of Invokations.
King of Invokations
Book Type
Quest Items
								Description
A light novel centered around the most popular card game in Teyvat — Genius Invokation TCG. The characters are unique and the story is exciting and full of twists, making it one of the hottest new works around.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
On a shelf in the Duel! The Summoners' Summit! area at Mondstadt
King of Invokations is a Quest Item found during the Event Duel! The Summoners' Summit! in Mondstadt.
Contents
1 Location
2 Text
3 Trivia
4 Other Languages
5 Change History
6 References
Location[]
Book locationAdditional Context
Text[]
Ere the end of a duel across a multitude of worlds,
Upon the domes of many a sky, this supreme rite unfolded in the most unexpected way:
"My apologies, friend, but a 'grand finale,' or so they say, almost always ends this way."
The other duelist descended the Stairs of Arcane Rites, removing the crocodile mask and revealing the prussian green complexion beneath, his features equally somber...
Abu froze at the sight while drawing the cards out from the Casket of Tomes.
Voice your grievances, vent your fury, insult me with your bitter sarcasm — so thought the one who had just taken off his mask.
But the young man just went on to take out the cards before placing them gently on the table. Then, he said:
"If all finales shall end thusly, I'll gladly have this, for I've always wanted to duel with you."
"Boss, will Abu win?" One of the sailors asked as the stench of dried fish permeated the ocean breeze.
The unfettered figure sitting among them was none other than Dubbah, the lord of the seven seas, who had claimed such ownership through the Rite of Duels. The man raised his goblet against the chill moon, blue light dancing on it.
"Should he lose, I will twist off his head as promised. But it's a pity that the wine from such a new vessel definitely won't taste as good..."
"Ugh, look at what he just rolled... Well, seems like lady luck's shining the other way. Honestly, why didn't he use the trick I told him..."
"But no cheating can pass unnoticed in the Room of Duels. It's more practical to have a few cards for dice-conversion in your deck," said the little Kitsune as she approached with a tray of dishes. "This is exactly why Abu didn't want to learn the trick, and it's also why you ended up working here, a far cry from when you were the owner of the Collectors' Parlor... Oh yes, Cui, this is the fish soup for Table 17. Remember to serve it before it gets cold."
"Fine, got it," replied the young girl as she rose from the table, but her eyes were still focused on the figures cast in the sky.
"Not... working... I can't get it connected." The dark-haired girl hid her face within the hood, electric arcs dancing around her fingers. Yet, one by one, the dice hovering around her broke and scattered, as if being warned by something. "The Room of Duels is... Well, it's just like another Sacred Realm."
"Huh, still not giving up, are we? Forget about it already. Given how even the Crocodile King failed to escape from that place, I'd be shocked if you could succeed, Nimue. I'd rather put faith in that lad — it's a long shot, though." Commented the Knightly King of Duels, Ariatos. It seemed that the knight couldn't care less about the possible death of his friend, who had helped the knight restore his homeland.
"...But how can I not feel a bit jealous, Abu, when your rival is the Crocodile King?"
It would be a good ending if the young man turned the tables miraculously.
The game was already decided in the last round. Even the lord of combat — one who had been sealed here by the Ibis King for craving a grander war and attempting to erase the walls of the worlds — should be abandoned by combat itself.
As in all other underdog stories, the young man, Abu, claimed victory.
"Name your wish..."
Said the Crocodile King, trying to hide the fact that his body was beyond repair and on the verge of death.
Abu tilted his head, watching as the king's body gradually crumbled into ashes.
"Though you live off war, not one day have you stopped quenching its flame," said the young man.
He lowered his head.
This would be too boring, said Abu, the world would be so boring without you. To me, you are...
You won't understand. Oh, by the way, it just occurred to me that I don't know your name yet.
The Crocodile King saw an unfamiliar, dangerous smile forming on the young man's lips.
That day, various worlds bore witness to the young man's wish:
"Let the walls shatter, and the war between worlds begin. I want rivers of blood to stain the earth crimson and mountains of bones to pierce through the sky."
"Thus shall the lord of duels endure!"
— King of Invokations #1, Grand Ending! —
Trivia[]
The book was written by Fukumoto.[1]
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishKing of Invokations—Chinese(Simplified)《召唤王》"Zhàohuàn-wáng"Chinese(Traditional)《召喚王》"Zhàohuàn-wáng"Japanese『召喚王』"Shoukan-ou"Korean《소환왕》"Sohwanwang""Summon King"SpanishEl rey invocadorThe Invoking KingFrenchLe roi des invocationsThe King of InvocationsRussian«Король священного призыва»"Korol' svyashchennogo prizyva"Thai"ราชานักอัญเชิญ"Vietnamese"Vua Triệu Hồi"German„Ass-Beschwörer“"Ace Summoner"IndonesianSang Raja InvokationThe King of InvokationPortugueseRei do Chamado Sagrado dos SeteTurkishYakarışların KralıInvokations KingItalianRe delle Invokazioni
Change History[]
Introduced in Version 3.0 • Released in Version 3.7[Edit History]Version 3.7
King of Invokations was released.
Version 3.0
King of Invokations was introduced.
References[]
↑ Commission: King of Invokations
Sangonomiya Chronicles
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
Historical annals written by the famous Shogunate historian Kujou Michizane, who was known as the "Kujou Sanpitsu-Tou," or "The Great Calligrapher." It chronicles the history of Watatsumi Island in broad strokes.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Found in Komore Teahouse
Sangonomiya Chronicles is a Quest Item that can be found in the Komore Teahouse.
Contents
1 Text
2 Book Location
3 Trivia
4 Other Languages
5 Change History
Text[]
Sangonomiya was once an ocean abyss, until the Great Serpent came, forming a vortex with its spiral movements, and fashioning the coral into an island. Thus the people of Sangonomiya named their island Watatsumi, meaning "god of the sea," for the Great Serpent was their god.
The inhabitants of Watatsumi call themselves the people of the sea and worship the Great Serpent as the Orobashi no Mikoto. On Watatsumi Island, the shrine is the seat of government, and there are no commissioners appointed by the Shogunate. All business, great and small, is conducted by the shrine maidens. The head shrine maiden, or Divine Priestess, is the head of government and ceremonial affairs.
During the Archon War, Her Excellency the Almighty Raiden Ogosho brought all of Inazuma under Her unified rule. The masses bowed down in fear and awe and each was content with their lot, else they were annihilated. No longer did any covet that to which they were not entitled. The Great Serpent, Orobashi no Mikoto, had always remained in the western region and respected the boundary between itself and the Narukami, and the two had lived in peace. But now, it suddenly transgressed the boundary and invaded the east without warning.
The war was brutal, and brought great suffering to the people. The two sides fought bitterly on what is now known as Yashiori Island, with many casualties and injuries on both sides. Her Excellency's cherished tengu general, Sasayuri, was among those who lost their lives. Finally, the Great Serpent was slain by the Ogosho where its remains now lie on Yashiori Island.
Thereafter, Sangonomiya sent envoys to announce surrender, and they have recognized the Inazuma Shogunate as the legitimate and supreme ruler ever since.
Book Location[]
Context
Trivia[]
The book's cover uses Sangonomiya Kokomi's portrait artwork.
The cover is written in the Inazuman Language and reads SGNMYA, likely standing for Sangonomiya.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishSangonomiya Chronicles—Chinese(Simplified)珊瑚宫记Shānhúgōng JìSangonomiya Records‍[※][※]Chinese reading of Japanese nameChinese(Traditional)珊瑚宮記Shānhúgōng JìJapanese珊瑚宮記Sangonomiya KiSangonomiya RecordsKorean산호궁기SanhogunggiRecords of SangonomiyaSpanishCrónicas de SangonomiyaSangonomiya ChroniclesFrenchChroniques de SangonomiyaSangonomiya ChroniclesRussianХроники СангономииKhroniki SangonomiiSangonomiya ChroniclesThaiบันทึก SangonomiyaBan-theuk SangonomiyaSangonomiya RecordsVietnameseKý Sự SangonomiyaSangonomiya ChroniclesGermanChroniken von SangonomiyaChronicles of SangonomiyaIndonesianKisah SangonomiyaSangonomiya ChroniclesPortugueseNotas de SangonomiyaTurkishSangonomiya GünlükleriSangonomiya ChroniclesItalianCronache di SangonomiyaSangonomiya's Chronicles
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.0[Create New History]
A Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk Belief
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
This paper was written by Shihab Purbiruni, a scholar of modern history from Sumeru, two years before the civil war in Inazuma. It details the folk beliefs of Watatsumi Island and the Sangonomiya people, and puts forward some relatively new academic propositions.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Found in Bourou Village, Watatsumi Island
A Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk Belief is a Quest Item that can be found in Bourou Village.
Contents
1 Text
2 Location
3 Trivia
4 Other Languages
5 Change History
Text[]
The version of this tale most widely accepted by the people of both Narukami and Watatsumi Island reads as follows:
Around two thousand years ago, the Archon War was drawing to a close in Inazuma.
It is said that during this time, the Great Serpent Orobashi broke the coral branches off his body and guided the people of the deep sea back to the light of day, and by his grace and pity, he gathered them together to make a living upon the barren island of coral.
But in this world of fickle fortune, humans, puny as they are, often suffered on account of their bitter lives and were gloomy because of their pain and misfortune. The bright sun, the clear skies, and seas, the clam palace that glittered with rainbow light, the teachings of the clergy... None of these could assuage the wounds of hunger and disease.
The Great Serpent never forgot his past as one of the defeated, or his oath to never again allow his people to be forsaken. So he asked the shrine maiden:
"Blessed daughter of mine, why do the people of the deep sea weep? Have I not defeated the Dragonheirs of the Depths and given you the light of day?"
The wise shrine maiden replied:
"Famine."
The Great Serpent asked again:
"Indeed, it is my failing that has caused you to go hungry. What then, my people, is your request?"
The honest elders replied:
"You made a road for us, guiding us to create a nation amidst the blue seas with no need for robbery, oppression, or tyranny. For this, we are already more than grateful... Yet, to the east of our coral island, there are lands wider and more fertile still."
"Permit us, great lord, to set foot upon those islands and there carve out a dominion for ourselves, that our children after us shall have a glorious past, a future in fullness, and a present without darkness."
The Great Serpent was silent and made no reply.
Narukami it was that dominated the eastern islands, possessing great strength in war, and those deities defeated thus were all slain to the last, in accordance with the law of the divine realm.
But in the many years that followed, the hungry and diseased people would ask time and again, at last moving the heart of their god.
Thus did the Great Serpent train them to become mighty warriors who commandeered ships and sea monsters while mastering wave and cloud, leading them in an invasion of the Electro Archon's lands amidst the whistling of whalesongs...
But the people of the sea knew not that Watatsumi Omikami had embarked upon a violent campaign in which he had no hope of victory, and his purpose was not conquest, but sacrifice.
It is said that there were inscriptions which the shrine maiden hid, upon which were written a prophecy of the certain defeat and the future of humiliation that awaited this eastern expedition.
Orobashi's true motives are not well-recorded by history. This is merely a hypothesis drawn by those who discovered the inscriptions in latter days:
Watatsumi Omikami long knew that he would not have any chance of survival this time, but accepted the prophecy's result calmly.
If he wished to ensure the perpetuation of his people's "faith," there was but one path — sacrifice. Even if Watatsumi would pass away, its people would endlessly weave their memories of joy, prosperity, bitterness, and loss into a united faith. These memories, in turn, would flourish on account of the intense emotions of a vanquished people forced into shameful submission.
Many among the Watatsumi people now no longer believe that their guiding Omikami has any chance of revival, but their pride as Watatsumi's people, the pain of watching the body of their god carved up for minerals by their overlord, the hurt of losing that god... These emotions have passed on from generation to generation, becoming the pillars of forbearance, resistance, and sacrifice that underpin the faith of Watatsumi's people.
As the author has mentioned, Sangonomiya has an extreme lack of written historical material. As such, these past motives have all essentially become fictional tales upon which future generations can inscribe any meaning they wish. Thus, these histories have become "histories of accumulated consciousness" rather than "histories of recorded fact." The fact that this collective consciousness has been strengthened and rendered ever more cohesive over time, such that a people who have lost their beloved god may still actively resist a nation whose faith is in a mighty elemental deity... This just goes to show that their persistence is hardly some obsolete thing.
Notably, this tendency to give little thought to the "facts" of the past and emphasize the "consciousness" of the present is a glaring flaw in Watatsumi today. The flames of these hatreds and humiliations, borne and nursed over hundreds and thousands of years, can be fanned by those with an agenda in leaner years and ultimately bring catastrophe upon the nation.
But though I say this, while the people of Watatsumi are known for their forbearance, are they really to grin and bear this mortification endlessly for the sake of survival?
With their recent economic exploitation at the hands of the Kanjou Commission, more and more of the young people of Watatsumi Island are discussing resistance and their complaints. It seems evident to me that these discussions are not merely about the past, but about the present and future also.
However, there is another version of the legend of Watatsumi Omikami's slaying:
While the people of the deep yet dwelt in the depths, they kept very reliable chronicles, for there was no day or night for them. If they kept no precise records, they would even forget what time it was. But these chronicles were ordered sealed in Enkanomiya by the Great Serpent, never to be retrieved.
The names of the people of Watatsumi were also not written in the Inazuman style then. The names and surnames used today by them came about by order of the Great Serpent, who had them learn the traditions of Narukami.
It is said that when Watatsumi Omikami decided to bring the people of the depths out of the waters, he did this at the instruction of the heavens themselves. For Watatsumi Omikami had once fled into the Dark Sea to avoid the Archon War, committing a grave sin in the process. Thus perhaps it was upon heaven's order that Orobashi went to his death — though this cannot be known for sure.
Unfortunately, the script once used in Enkanomiya is known to few, and the books themselves have been hidden there also. Thus, I fear that the truth of the matter shall never see the light of day.
However, these legends that hint at the "truth" are but unimportant anecdotes compared to the aforementioned ones that imply much about the "consciousness" of the people.
Location[]
Map locationAdditional context
Trivia[]
The cover is written in the Inazuman Language and reads FOLKBELIEF.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishA Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk Belief—Chinese(Simplified)珊瑚宫民间信仰初勘Shānhú-gōng Mínjiān Xìnyǎng ChūkānBeginning Investigations of Sangonomiya Folk BeliefChinese(Traditional)珊瑚宮民間信仰初勘Shānhú-gōng Mínjiān Xìnyǎng ChūkānJapanese珊瑚宮民間信仰に関する初調査Sangonomiya Minkanshinkou ni Kansuru Shochousa‍[!][!]Assumed readingFirst Investigation Related to Sangonomiya Folk BeliefKorean산호궁 민간 신앙 기초 조사Sanhogung Mingan Sinang Gicho JosaA Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk BeliefSpanishEstudio sobre las creencias populares de SangonomiyaStudy on the Popular Beliefs of SangonomiyaFrenchÉtude préliminaire des croyances populaires de SangonomiyaPreliminary Study of the Popular Beliefs of SangonomiyaRussianПредварительное исследование народных верований СангономииPredvaritel'noye issledovaniye narodnykh verovaniy SangonomiiA Preliminary Research of Sangonomiya Folk BeliefThaiการสำรวจความเชื่อของผู้คนใน SangonomiyaKarn Samruat Khwamchuea khong Phu Khonnai SangonomiyaBelief Investigation of the People in SangonomiyaVietnameseNghiên Cứu Tín Ngưỡng Dân Gian SangonomiyaResearch on Sangonomiya Folk BeliefsGermanEine vorläufige Studie über den Volksglauben von SangonomiyaA Preliminary Study of the Folk Beliefs of SangonomiyaIndonesianStudi Pendahuluan Kepercayaan Rakyat SangonomiyaA Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk BeliefPortugueseUm Estudo Preliminar sobre as Crenças do Povo de SangonomiyaA Preliminary Study about the Beliefs of the People from SangonomiyaTurkishSangonomiya Halk İnançları Üzerine Bir Ön ÇalışmaA Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk BeliefsItalianStudio preliminare sulle credenze popolari di SangonomiyaPreliminary Study on Popular Beliefs of Sangonomiya
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.2[Edit History]Version 2.6
The following adjustment was made to the English localization:
Old: This is merely a hypothesis drawn by those who discovered the inscriptions: [...]New: This is merely a hypothesis drawn by those who discovered the inscriptions in latter days: [...]
Version 2.4
The English translation revised the term Dragonheir of the Depths to Dragonheirs of the Depths.
Version 2.2
A Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk Belief was released.
The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
For the people of Watatsumi, the legends of the Archon War are always filled with bitterness. Many of these millennia-old folksongs tell of a shrine maiden by the name of Mouun, who once rode upon the back of a sea monster, following the Great Serpent unto a tragic moving end.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Bourou Village, Watatsumi Island
The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden is a Quest Item that can be found next to Kiyoko in Bourou Village.
Contents
1 Text
2 Location
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Text[]
The shrine maiden Mouun was born to the Yuna Clan. This clan was one of the great houses that first followed their Omikami out into the sunlight, and is still known today for their traditional talent in whalesongs and their closeness with all marine life. Mouun entered Sangonomiya Shrine at a young age and would learn the etiquette and ritual arts of the Watatsumi shrine maidens, history, governance, and the island folk-tunes. Her younger twin sister Ayame, who in later days would be known as "Umigozen," was a female diver, making a living through collecting pearls.
By the time news that the Shogunate had unified all the Inazuman islands reached Watatsumi, Mouun and Ayame were already quite famous among the island's people. In the folk-tunes that still persist till today, Mouun was a wise and gentle soul who helped to steer the people away from meaningless conflict, while Ayame was valiant and cheerful, her power sufficient to wrestle against fierce sea creatures.
When Watatsumi Omikami ceased in his hesitation and embarked on that hopeless eastern expedition, Sangonomiya's first navy was entrusted by the then-Divine Priestess to Mouun and her sister. This was also the beginning of Mouun's association with the giant whale named "Daikengyou."
Legend has it that Daikengyou was a huge blind whale that had lived for five hundred years and four hundred years before that. The dark depths of the ocean floor were its home, and the fishes of the deep and the moonglow-beauteous jellyfish were its faithful servants. Five hundred narwhals guarded its left flank and five hundred humpback whales played music to its right. Some folk-tunes claim that it could have swallowed ten coral islands in one gulp before spitting out five skerries in its deep, satiated slumber.
Even amongst those of the Watatsumi people who were skilled in whalesong, none had faced this titan and returned whole to tell the tale. But at the Divine Priestess' direction, Mouun dived deep into the whale's phosphorescent palace just as the moon rose high enough to pierce the ocean mists. None knew how Mouun persuaded Daikengyou to join her. But on the third moonrise after her departure, when the waves drew back from the shore, the people witnessed Daikengyou surface from the tranquil ocean, shimmering with silver light as it bore Mouun on its back.
Later, Daikengyou and its marine courtiers would follow Mouun and her sister into battle at Omikami's side, though the battle ultimately and inexorably went ill...
Mouun made to retreat when she heard that Omikami and Touzannou had been slain together, but she was ambushed by the tengu Sasayuri's subordinates en route and was herself slain together with Daikengyou the mighty whale, their remains captured by the Shogunate. As for her sister, "Umigozen" Ayame, she disappeared into the blood-red ocean after a valiant stand, never to be seen again.
Location[]
The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden's locationAdditional context
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden—Chinese(Simplified)巫女曚云小传Wūnǚ Méngyún Xiǎo ChuánThe Small Legend of Mouunn  the Shrine MaidenChinese(Traditional)巫女曚雲小傳Wūnǚ Méngyún Xiǎo ChuánJapanese巫女曚雲小伝Miko Mouun ShoudenShrine Maiden Mouun Biographical SketchKorean무녀 모운 소전Munyeo Moun SojeonShort Biography of Shrine Maiden MouunSpanishBiografía de la miko MouunBiography of Mouun the MikoFrenchLa vie de la prêtresse MouunThe Life of the Priestress MouunRussianКраткая биография жрицы МоунKratkaya biografiya zhritsy MounShort Biography of Priestess MouunThaiชีวิตของมิโกะ MouunThe Life of Miko MouunVietnameseChuyện Về Pháp Sư MouunGermanDas Leben der Schreinjungfer MouunThe Life of the Shrine Maiden MouunIndonesianBiografi Miko MouunBiography of Miko MouunPortugueseA Vida da Sacerdotisa MouunTurkishTapınak Görevlisi Mouun'un YaşamıShrine Maiden Mouun's LifeItalianVita della sacerdotessa Mouun
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.2[Edit History]Version 2.4
Mistranslation fix:
Old: For its bodyguard, it had fifty narwhals on its left flank and fifty humpback whales on its right.
New: Five hundred narwhals guarded its left flank and five hundred humpback whales played music to its right.
Version 2.2
The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden was released.
Debates on the "Viceroy of the East"
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
The "Viceroy of the East," or "Touzannou" sung of the Watatsumi folk tradition is also known as the "Akuou" all across Raiden's domains. He was the first vassal ruler of the Great Serpent Orobashi, and he was also the last.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Found in Bourou Village, Watatsumi Island
Debates on the "Viceroy of the East" is a Quest Item that can be found in Bourou Village.
Contents
1 Text
2 Location
3 Trivia
4 Notes
5 Other Languages
6 Change History
Text[]
Touzannou's name is not known, but it is known that he was of low birth, such that some island folk-tunes name him "the legacy of moonlight and tide," or "the forgotten child of the moonlight." Perhaps he was an orphan, or perhaps he was the child of people who had been washed ashore by the sea.
But though he had neither name nor surname, nor a clan to protect him as he grew, Watatsumi Omikami accepted this child nonetheless, just as he had once accepted the lost people trapped in the depths.
This boy later apprenticed himself to Mouun and her sister, learning from them the whalesongs and rites of Watatsumi. His memories were colored by the palace of coral and clam, the shining schools of fish and the rainbow-hued mackerel, and his body was tempered by the rugged reefs and endless waves, becoming strong and swift.
The songs of the Yuna Clan say that when the boy had grown into a young man, he was invited by Mouun the shrine maiden to swim together amidst tides lit by moon and stars alike. In the ebb and flow of the entwined lights, the young man sensed the words and emotions of the sea creatures, and hearing the shrine maiden's gentle, mournful whispers, he decided his future course.
It is said that after this night-time excursion, the young man comprehended the sword styles known as "Getsumouun" and "Yuushio." Though he would not have any descendants, these sword techniques would be taught amongst the warriors of Watatsumi and passed down from generation to generation, thus never becoming extinct. In Watatsumi Island, which lacks traditions of swordsmanship, these two styles remain effective and practical techniques that can prove perilous to any foe.
When Watatsumi Omikami set off on the eastern expedition from which there would be no return, the young man headed up the vanguard and took a place known then to the Watatsumi people as Touzan.[Note 1] Thus was he given the honorific of Touzannou by Watatsumi Omikami himself.[Note 2] However, this valiant "king of the eastern mountain" would become known as a brutal, savage "wicked king," or Akuou, to the people of Yashiori Island.[Note 3]
Ultimately, Akuou and his lord were both judged by the Musou no Hitotachi, and Mouun, who once trod upon the waves with him on that moonlit night, was lost amidst a storm of black feathers, her people bewailing her fate.
And when the dust settled, things had not turned out as they might have hoped.
Notably, people still call outstanding warriors "the scions of Touzannou," although the young and presumptuous Touzannou himself never had the opportunity to join himself to the one he loved, nor would they ever enjoy a peaceful future together.
Location[]
Debates on the Viceroy of the East's locationAdditional context
Trivia[]
The cover is written in the Inazuman Language and reads EAST VICEROY.
Notes[]
↑ Touzan refers to the Yashiori Island, rather than a specific place in the island. CN: 当时被海民称为「东山」的岛屿 "an island known then to the sea-people as Touzan (Eastern Mountain)."
↑ Whereas the English version refers to the title Touzannou ("King of the Eastern Mountain") as just an "honorific," the original Chinese version uses the term 封号 fēnghào, "feudal title," indicating that the god Orobashi officially and formally created the Kingdom of the Eastern Mountain (that is, the Kingdom of the Yashiori Island) and enfeoffed the kingdom to his mortal lieutenant as a feudal state.
↑ The English translation is ambiguous whether Touzannou was in reality abhorred as a wicked ruler by the then-people of the island or he merely appears as such a ruler in legends told by its current inhabitants. The original Chinese sentence is clear in that only the latter interpretation is possible: 但在如今八酝岛居民的传说中 "However, in the legends of the present inhabitants of the Yashiori Island."
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishDebates on the "Viceroy of the East"—Chinese(Simplified)「东王」史辩"Dōngwáng" Shǐ BiànChinese(Traditional)「東王」史辯"Dōngwáng" Shǐ BiànJapanese「東王」史論"Tou'ou" Shiron‍[!][!]Assumed readingHistorical Debates on the "King of the East"Korean「동왕」사론"Dongwang" SaronHistorical Essay of "East King"SpanishDiscusiones sobre el Virrey del EsteDiscussions About the Viceroy of the EastFrenchDébats sur le « Vice-roi de l'Est »Debates on the "Viceroy of the East"RussianДебаты по теме «Наместник Востока»Debaty po teme "Namestnik Vostoka"Debates on the "Deputy of the East"Thaiบทวิเคราะห์ "ราชาแห่งตะวันออก"Analysis of "The King of the East"VietnameseBiên Sử "Đông Vương"GermanHistorische Debatten über den „Vizekönig des Ostens“Historical Debates about the "Viceroy of the East"IndonesianPerdebatan Tentang "Raja Timur"Debates About "East King"PortugueseDebates sobre "O Rei do Leste"Turkish"Doğu'nun Valisi" Üzerine TartışmalarDebates on the "Governor of the East"ItalianDiscussioni sul Viceré dell'Est
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.2[Create New History]
The Serpent and Drakes of Tokoyokoku
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
A novel based on Watatsumi Island's folktales. The original edition of this text was transcribed on Watatsumi Island and brought back to Narukami Island by a merchant while the former's serpent god yet lived. No one reads this ancient tome nowadays, its role supplanted by all the light novels on the market. This book describes the unique cosmological outlook of the Watatsumi people before they came to adopt aspects of Narukami culture, and a recent resurgence in traditional novel publishing has allowed it to see the light of day once more.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
The Serpent and Drakes of Tokoyokoku is a Quest Item that can be purchased from Kuroda for  Mora ×1,500.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Text[]
Mysteries creation conceals, the sun and moon omens reveal.
Three corners in darkness shrouded, the void by five saints clouded.
"The universe has no beginning and no end, and so it was with the land that once was. But this matters not to us, for the land that bears us no longer has anything to do with that eternity without start or ceasing."
—So said the lone sage, Aberaku, to the first Sunchild. The Sunchild had long intended to punish Aberaku. Summoning the sage before the throne in this manner was but an additional way of making things difficult for him before detaining him.
Legend has it that Aberaku was opened up to wisdom by the Tokoyo Ookami, and was thus able to bring light to Enkanomiya, which had till then never seen the sun. But the Sunchild grew jealous of his talents, thus imprisoning him for life. Yet these children of the sun never considered that had Aberaku not created that underground star, they never would have existed in the first place.
"The origin of heaven and earth is like the chicken and egg, and are not dragons and snakes kin?" No sooner had the sage Aberaku uttered these words than he was overthrown by troops lying in ambush.
At that time, Enkanomiya had only just been brought some room to breathe by the appearance of the sun. The Dragonheirs loved the dark and shunned the light, and thus could no longer act with impunity. The days when the Dragonheirs would rampage and graze on humanity like so much grass had, at last, come to an end, for the people of Enkanomiya finally had the means to resist. Yet it came to pass that the flaws in human nature would rear their ugly heads even before such outside threats could be quelled. The people chose a Sunchild, crowned him king, and worshiped him, and yet he ruled with a brutal hand, framing the righteous.
Unnumbered years would pass before a young child of Enkanomiya would make a wager with his peers. Alone, he would dive beyond the three corners, evading the trail of the Dragonheir, in search of a Dragonbone Flower. But what he found instead within a great cavern was a mighty serpent, one he had never seen before.
Somehow, as he gazed upon the serpent's titanic form, the child felt no fear, but instead a kind of kinship.
"I am the Profane Serpent. Though my servants are numberless, not one mortal now dwells in my shadow. That I have fallen into this realm, and that we would meet... Perhaps this is fate. You are not one of my people, but you are human nonetheless. Speak your desire, and I shall hear it."
"Could you then, perchance, become our god?"
Thus did they, human and serpent, go forth to face the royal authority of the Sunchild and the incursions of the Dragonheirs beyond — thus was the curtain raised on the turning of the tide.
Trivia[]
The cover features Orobashi and a dragon-like creature.
This book's description and text are replicated in Vol. 1 of The Byakuyakoku Collection. Part of the Collection of Dragons and Snakes quest involves retrieving this book for a librarian shade in Enkanomiya.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Serpent and Drakes of Tokoyokoku—Chinese(Simplified)常世国龙蛇传Chángshì-guó Lóng Shé ChuánTokoyokoku Dragon and Serpent LegendsChinese(Traditional)常世國龍蛇傳Chángshì-guó Lóng Shé ChuánJapanese常世国龍蛇伝Tokoyo-koku Ryuujaden‍[!][!]Assumed readingTokoyokoku Dragon and Serpent LegendsKorean영원한 나라의 용과 뱀의 전설Yeongwonhan Nara-ui Yonggwa Baem-ui JeonseolThe Legend of Dragon and Snake in Eternal CountrySpanishLa serpiente y el dragón del reino de TokoyoThe Serpent and the Dragon of the Kingdom of TokoyoFrenchLe serpent et les dragons de TokoyokokuThe Serpent and the Dragons of TokoyokokuRussianЗмей и драконы из ТокоёкокуZmey i drakony iz TokoyokokuThe Serpent and Drakes from TokoyokokuThaiThe Serpent-Drake of Tokoyokoku—VietnameseTruyền Thuyết Long Xà Của Vương Quốc TokoyoGermanDie Drachen und die Schlange von TokoyokokuThe Drakes and the Serpent of TokoyokokuIndonesianKisah Ular Naga dari TokoyokokuThe Story Of The Dragon Snake from TokoyokokuPortugueseO Dragão Serpente de Tokoyo no KuniTurkishTokoyokoku'nun Yılanı ve EjderleriTokoyokoku's Serpent and DrakesItalianIl serpente e i draghi di Tokoyokoku
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.3[Edit History]Version 2.4
Renamed to The Serpent and Drakes of Tokoyokoku.
Changed instances of "Abe Yoshihisa" and "Yoshihisa" to "Aberaku."
Changed instances of "Tokoyo no Kuni" to "Tokoyokoku."
Changed instances of "Dragonheir" to "Dragonheirs."
Version 2.3
The Serpent-Drake of Tokoyo no Kuni was released.
Sacred Sakura Cleansing Summary
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
A tattered scroll containing information related to the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual. Some pages seem to bear the cinnabar seal of some shrine.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Sacrificial Offering
Sacred Sakura Cleansing Summary is a Quest Item obtained during the World Quest Sacrificial Offering in Series Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 References
Text[]
"Seek first forgiveness from Narukami in the skies above, and then from Watatsumi on the land below. Then, recite prayers to quench the gods' anger."
The aforementioned ritual must be carried out before any sacrifices, exorcisms, blessings or spell-rites can take place. The same holds true for this Cleansing Ritual.
The Thunder Sakura were born from grafted Sacred Sakura branches. They are offshoots of Narukami's own spirit and connect the Grand Shrine to all others.
In those days, catastrophe rocked the heavens and demons roamed the earth. The land was defiled, ferocious foes abounded, and small devils wreaked havoc. Thus, the branches were broken off at the Grand Shrine and transplanted across the land to cleanse the filth.
Years passed, and damage accumulated. The Cleansing Ritual must thus be performed to calm the chaos.
The Thunder Sakura purification must take place once every 60 years. The ritual may also be divided into a minor and major cleansing. After performing the minor cleansing a few times, the major cleansing must then be carried out.
During the minor cleansing, one must first seek forgiveness from sky and land, tie up a Shimenawa to form a barrier, and recite the "kashikomi." Next, all the filth must be sealed up inside the barrier and the poisoned root nodules must be isolated from any mortal dwelling. Finally, a ward must be used to suppress all the filth. This must be performed separately in five different places on Narukami Island.
The purpose of this minor cleansing ritual is to isolate the defilement and thus procure some years of peace.
During the major cleansing, one must first seek forgiveness from sky and land. Then five wards representing the eyes, the mouth, the nose, the hands and the feet must be retrieved, destroying the barriers created by the minor cleansing in the process. The filth must then be eradicated by a powerful spell.
The purpose of the major cleansing ritual is to wipe out the defilement and to completely eradicate the filth.
This is the end of the summary. The details are as follows:
(The rest of this text has been rendered unreadable by abrasion, contamination, and other damage.)
Trivia[]
Kashikomi (Japanese: 畏伎), usually written as 畏み in Japanese, is a highly respectful term that reflects both awe and fear towards the person the term is used to describe.
The process for the Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual as described in this summary are likely a nod to norito, a type of Shinto chanted prayer used to show reverence to the kami and ask for their blessings. It may be inspired by the Amatsu Norito (Japanese: 天津祝詞) in particular, which is a prayer to the kami of heaven and earth to cleanse the mortal realm through exorcism and purification.[1]
At the end of the Amatsu Norito is the phrase Kashikomi kashikomi mo maosu (Japanese: 恐み恐みも申す). This "kashikomi" (Japanese: 恐み) uses different characters from the "kashikomi" (Japanese: 畏伎/畏み) in the Cleansing Summary, but has the same overall meaning.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishSacred Sakura Cleansing Summary—Chinese(Simplified)神樱大祓要略Shén yīng dàfú yàolüèChinese(Traditional)神櫻大祓要略Shén yīng dàfú yàolüèJapanese神櫻大祓要略Shin'ou Ooharae YouryakuKorean신성한 벚나무 대액막이 개요Sinseonghan Beotnamu Dae'aekmak'i GaeyoSpanishGuía para la ceremonia de purificación del Cerezo SagradoSacred Cherry Tree Purification Ceremony GuideFrenchGuide de purification du cerisier sacréSacred SakuraSacred SakuraSacred SakuraSacred Sakura Tooltip for Sacred SakuraSacred Sakuraⓘlit. "sacred cherry tree" Purification GuideRussianУказания по очищению Священной сакурыUkazaniya po ochishcheniyu Svyashchennoy sakuryThaiพิธีชำระซากุระศักดิ์สิทธิ์โดยสังเขปPhithi chamra sakura saksit doi sangkhepVietnameseYếu Lược Tế Lễ Thần Anh ĐàoGermanAnleitung zur Reinigung der heiligen SakuraGuide for Cleansing of the Sacred SakuraSacred SakuraSacred SakuraSacred Sakura Tooltip for Sacred SakuraSacred Sakuraⓘlit. "holy sakura"IndonesianPanduan Ritual Pemurnian Sacred SakuraSacred Sakura Purification Ritual GuidePortugueseGuia do Ritual Sagrado de Purificação SakuraTurkishKutsal Kiraz Ağacı Arınma RehberiSacred SakuraSacred SakuraSacred SakuraSacred Sakura Tooltip for Sacred SakuraSacred Sakuraⓘlit. "sacred cherry tree" Cleansing GuideItalianGuida alla purificazione del Sakura sacro
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.0[Create New History]
References[]
↑  The Matheson Trust: Amatsu Norito—Shinto Incantations
This is a disambiguation page.The following is a list of links to pages that might share the same title.Please follow one of the disambiguation links below or search to find the page you were looking for if it is not listed. If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article.
Ragged Notebook can refer to multiple Quest Items.
Ragged Notebook (Time and Wind)
Ragged Notebook (Bygones Times Like Dust Passing)
Records of a Changing Village
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
Documents announcing the villagers' migration. It states the village was forced to relocate due to a god's remains.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Picked up during Bygones Times Like Dust Passing
The Records of a Changing Village is a Quest Item obtained during the Archon Quest Bygones Times Like Dust Passing in Interlude Chapter: Act I - The Crane Returns on the Wind.
Text[]
A branch family of exorcists used to live in the east of the village, but in around two weeks, the mother died of disease, the young daughter went missing, and shortly after, the father hanged himself on a tree in the yard of his own house.
It has been confirmed that traces of an evil god's remains were found in the village.
The villagers are panicking as no one is certain whether the evil god's remains are gone for good.
Do be careful when you are in this area.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishRecords of a Changing Village—Chinese(Simplified)村庄变迁记录Cūnzhuāng Biànqiān JìlùChinese(Traditional)村莊變遷記錄Cūnzhuāng Biànqiān JìlùJapanese村の変遷記録Mura no Hensen KirokuKorean마을 변천 기록Ma'eul Byeoncheon GirokSpanishRegistro de los cambios en la aldeaRecord of Changes in the VillageFrenchArchives d'un village en mutationArchives of a Changing VillageRussianЛетопись перемен деревниLetopis' peremen derevniThaiบันทึกการเปลี่ยนแปลงของหมู่บ้านBanthuek Kan Plian Plaeng khong MubanVietnameseGhi Chép Của Thôn LàngGermanProtokoll zum DorfumzugProtocol for Village ProcessionIndonesianCatatan Tentang Desa yang BerubahRecords of a Changing VillagePortugueseRegistro de Vila em TransformaçãoTurkishChanging Köyü TarihiChanging Village History[• 1]ItalianRegistro del Villaggio mutante
↑ Turkish: Mistranslation turkish localization files, "Changing" was mistaken for a name, and was therefore not translated.
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.4[Create New History]
Mountainous Miscellany
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
This text contains all manner of strange legends about Mt. Tianheng's stones, including tales about many rare ores. It is said that if you stand in the middle of the lake south of Mt. Tianheng at dusk, you will find the legendary Subrosium.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Picked up during Bygones Times Like Dust Passing
Mountainous Miscellany is a Quest Item obtained during the Archon Quest Bygones Times Like Dust Passing in Interlude Chapter: Act I - The Crane Returns on the Wind.
Text[]
Magic engraved on Subrosium does not wear off easily. Some believe the stone to be a bridge between the living and the dead.
However finding Subrosium is no easy matter. You need to be at the right place at the right time.
Legend has it that you may find Subrosium if you stand in the middle of the lake south of Mt. Tianheng at dusk and look in the direction of the setting sun.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishMountainous Miscellany—Chinese(Simplified)山石杂谈Shān Shí ZátánMiscellaneous Talk of Mountains and RocksChinese(Traditional)山石雜談Shān Shí ZátánJapanese山石閑談Yamaishi Kandan‍[!][!]Assumed readingIdle Talk of Mountain RocksKorean산석 여담Sanseok YeodamDigression of Mountain StoneSpanishDiscusiones sobre las montañasDiscussions About the MountainsFrenchMéli-mélo sur les montagnesMishmash About MountainsRussianГорные беседыGornyye besedyMountain ConversationsThaiเสียงกระซิบจากหินผาSounds of Whispers From CliffsVietnameseChuyện Về Sơn ThạchGermanVerschiedenes über Steine und FelsenMiscellany about Stones and RocksIndonesianPembicaraan Seputar Gunung dan BatuDiscussion About Mountain and StonePortugueseMiscelâneas MontanhosasTurkishDağların DerlemesiThe Mountains' CompilationItalianMiscellanea sulle montagneMiscellany on Mountains
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.4[Create New History]
Let's Go, Dodoco!
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
Message From the Editor: "Let's Go, Dodoco!" is the combined work of an older girl and a younger girl. Every chapter brims with their gentleness and good wishes, as the story is intended as a gift to our readers. I hope this book — in spite of its small volume — can bring you some simple joy after a long day of work.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
A Story for You during the Hues of the Violet Garden Event
Let's Go, Dodoco! is a Quest Item obtained after the completion of Event World Quest A Story for You in Hues of the Violet Garden: Festival Deeds: Part I.
Text[]
"All Dodocos must someday ride the wind and the waves and go on an adventure." A gentle and beautiful mother once said that.
And just as she had predicted, our Dodoco was so happy when its best friend, Klee, said that she was going to the nation of lightning for an adventure!
Of course, Dodoco loves eating delicious food with Klee at Good Hunter, and loves listening to the bards sing.
But Dodoco loves counting the stars in the sky and twisting flowers into garlands together with Klee more.
After all, all Dodocos long to ride the wind and waves on an adventure.
To get to Inazuma, one needs to pass through the wild winds and pass over the great waves.
But Dodoco did not fear the howling wind, for that was the blessing of the Anemo Archon.
Dodoco did not worry about the rolling waves either, for it was very brave.
Of course, Dodoco didn't want Klee to have to brave such dangers.
But as bestest friends, they were bound to protect each other.
And Dodoco didn't want to be apart from Klee anyway.
Without Klee, adventures would be like Sweet Flowers that cannot bloom, lonely and sad things.
Even if Dodoco were to cover every inch of Teyvat by land or sea, it would be meaningless.
So there was no point hesitating. Dodoco and its best friend Klee were off on an adventure!
If they rode on a boat, they wouldn't be able to fly freely in the sky, or swim happily in the sea...
But they'd have Klee's smile and Albedo's stories.
And that was a good trade!
In Inazuma, the nation of lightning, the flowers and grasses are all purple, and the fish and the birds are also purple. Everything is purple!
Albedo would probably run out of purple paint trying to paint it all.
Unfortunately, he couldn't be around to draw with Klee and Dodoco.
Albedo was an adult, after all. And sometimes adults have to do adult-things.
Fortunately, Dodoco still had Klee!
Klee would often find happy things to do. As long as Dodoco was with Klee, Dodoco would never be bored.
Klee also had lots of friends in Inazuma, like (‍Mr.Mr.Text for male Traveler/MissMissText for female Traveler‍) Honorary Knight, Paimon, and Yoimiya.
And so they all joined Dodoco for the most fun adventure ever in Inazuma!
Hooray for adventure!
(‍Mr.Mr.Text for male Traveler/MissMissText for female Traveler‍) Honorary Knight took Dodoco up the tall, tall Mt. Yougou.
When they got to the Sacred Sakura, they were so tired from all that climbing that they fell asleep.
And when they woke up, everyone had grown wings like a tengu!
Klee's wings were red, Yoimiya's were gold, and (‍Mr.Mr.Text for male Traveler/MissMissText for female Traveler‍) Honorary Knight's were blue.
As for Paimon... Paimon can fly without wings, so Paimon didn't grow any.
Everyone opened their wings up, causing a huge gust of wind to roll forth.
Shooom~ And the shrine maiden's hair was all messed up.
Oh no, she looked angry! Better run, quick!
Ah, adventure truly was fun... But with a *growl*, Klee's stomach started calling out.
Oh no! How could they have forgotten? Eating is an important part of adventuring too!
Om nom nom nom~ And so everyone ate the onigiri they brought along, and they all had a great time.
Dodoco and Paimon finished their share very quickly, and as the very, very full Dodoco looked at Klee's smile, it couldn't help but think—
Meeting Klee and the others is the most hap-happiest thing that ever happened to Dodoco!
Aether VersionLumine Version
Oh, yes. If you are reading this, you too are surely part of this big adventure.
Adventuring together, laughing together, enjoying good food together... If you experienced this together with everyone, then you must be their good friend.
In which case, you're invited to Yoimiya's fireworks show as well.
Aether VersionLumine Version
While everyone was happily watching the fireworks, Yoimiya said:
"As long as our imaginations don't run dry, our minds will be freer than all others."
And Klee blurted out: "We'll always be best friends!"
See, Dodoco was so happy to be together with its good friends.
And now, you are Dodoco's good friends too. So you, too, should go on a grand adventure with your friends.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishLet's Go, Dodoco!—Chinese(Simplified)出发吧！嘟嘟可Chūfā Ba! DūdūkěChinese(Traditional)出發吧！嘟嘟可Chūfā Ba! DūdūkěJapanese出発！ドドコShuppatsu! DodokoKorean출발! 도도코Chulbal! DodokoSpanish¡Vamos, Dodoco!Let's Go, Dodoco!FrenchAllez, Dodoco !Come on, Dodoco!RussianВперёд, Додоко!Vperyod, Dodoko!Thaiไปกันเถอะ! DodocoPai Kan Thoe! Dodoco!VietnameseXuất Phát Thôi! DodocoGermanLos geht’s, Dodoco!Here we Go, Dodoco!IndonesianAyo, Dodoco!Let's Go, Dodoco!PortugueseVamos, Dodoco!TurkishKoş Dodoko, Koş!Run Dodoko, Run!ItalianAndiamo, Dodoco!
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.6[Create New History]
Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
A popular light novel in Inazuma which tells the story of the "good-for-nothing" Shogun and the "good-at-everything" Kitsune Guuji. The novel is in the same collection as "Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power," but not by the same author. What they share in common, however, is their popularity.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Source 2
Sold by Murata at the Outlander Affairs Agency in Ritou during the Hues of the Violet Garden event
Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji? is a Quest Item that can be purchased from Murata and Kuroda for  Mora ×1,500 after completing the Event Story Quest Hues of the Violet Garden: True Tales of the Violet Garden: Act I - The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 References
Text[]
"Welcome back, Almighty Shogun!"
Says Yae Masako, who is kneeling on the ground respectfully. She is dressed in a red-white shrine maiden outfit, her fluffy fox ears twitching slightly, and beneath them is a face that all looks up to.
"You are back. I asked you to help patrol the territory half a month ago. How's it going then?"
"Oops, I shouldn't ask about work when you've just returned. Well, as usual, are you going to have dinner first or take a bath first? Or do you prefer..."
"What? 'As usual'? You never greeted me this way when I came back in the past."
Hearing my response, the figure dressed in red and white gives a content smile and goes on, "I wanted to cheer you up a bit seeing your tired face. Now, I gotta get back to cooking. I made your favorite Butter Crab today!"
"Yay! Butter Crab, my favorite Butter Crab!"
I, the Raiden Shogun, whose signature line is "Yay!" and whose favorite food is Butter Crab, spend most of my time with... Um, basically, there are only two kinds of people in my life: nobodies, and the one with fluffy ears and a teasing voice.
Yae Masako, Guuji of the Grand Kaminaru Shrine, descendant of Kitsune lineage, and Eternity's servant and friend... She goes by too many names to remember. In the eyes of the people of Inazuma, she is almost as unapproachable and unfathomable as I.
Yet that very Yae Masako is intently watching the Butter Crab as it is being baked.
Yes, simply put, I, the Raiden Shogun is being looked after by Guuji Yae Masako.
Before I knew it, I had already got used to this way of life.
Every time I just randomly swing my sword, she'll enthusiastically clap her hands and say: "Good girl!" Every time I look for some snacks to go with "Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power," she can always produce delicious milk tea and cake in no time. She carefully extinguishes every flicker of potential annoyance as if she is maintaining Eternity. For me, she is like a kitsune from the legend who grants every wish of mine.
"Butter Crab is ready! Before enjoying the food, allow me to get back to our previous question about patrolling..."
Masako turns around, setting the steaming-hot Butter Crab on the table, its scent soon permeating the room. But I can't bring myself to answer her question — to be honest, this is the reason why I am so down today.
Like I said, there are only Masako and other people in my world.
All of them, except Masako, would do the same thing upon seeing me: They would bow to the ground in the most respectful manner and address me as "Almighty Shogun." When I walk away, they will then straighten up with a sigh of relief.
It doesn't matter if they are someone's wife, father, boyfriend, or girlfriend, it doesn't matter if they are someone's boss, servant, or hero. They always put on the same face in front of me — one that exhibits the reverence and fear for the Almighty Shogun.
Yet none know how I equally fear that very face of theirs. Who wouldn't? Just think about it: thousands of people putting on the same face in your presence.
That is why I rely so much on Masako.
That is why I couldn't reject her request. Although I can't do it, I will always go out to work as long as she wants me to.
To be honest, I don't know how to deal with those identical faces — thousands of them. I don't want to, and I can't. As long as I get to avoid making contact with them, I don't mind being called a loser Shogun.
But still, although I don't mind that, I can't face Masako's questions.
"Why are you so quiet, Almighty Shogun? Is it because... you did nothing at all after walking out of Tenshukaku and then came back in the evening?" There was not a trace of reprimand to be heard in Masako's voice, but that made me even more ashamed when facing her questions.
"Alright then. Rest is also important. I have other matters to attend to, so I'll excuse myself. Enjoy your fill of the crab." Masako turns around and leaves.
Somehow, the Butter Crab today tasted like... nothing.
Soon I'll know why.
The Almighty Shogun is invincible, but the invincible Almighty Shogun could be defeated by a cold.
Not long after I ate the Butter Crab, I collapsed into bed with a severe headache. The pain is nothing, but something more grievous has happened:
On any other day, I could just rest my head on Masako's knees and fall asleep to her singing voice.
But Masako isn't around today. My chamber feels icy-cold, but my forehead feels fiery-hot. This time, no one is sitting by my bedside.
She has her own matters to attend to. She is not only my kitsune but also the Guuji of the shrine.
Maybe she is very mad now, or perhaps she is wondering if it is worthwhile to spend so much effort on the Shogun who always has the line "Yay!" upon her lips.
With such a question in mind, I fall asleep.
I have a dream, in which Masako is still wearing her signature smile, a tea bowl in hand.
"I brewed this drink called Rainbow Aster. I just went to Ritou and bought some Calla Lilies from Mondstadt. Mix them with mint and we have this drink that can cure your cold. Now drink it."
Perhaps because I am dreaming, I don't have the strength to brace myself up.
"Ah, looks like you can't support yourself. Allow me." She feeds me the Rainbow Aster in a way that I'd never dare to imagine.
I wake with a start, my head still reeling from the sheer shock of the scene just now. Masako is probably still mad at me for slacking off.
It's just... Why does it feel so sweet at the corner of my lips?
Trivia[]
The book appears as the "Light Novel" accompanying item in the Web Event Journey With a Gentle Breeze.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishPretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?—Chinese(Simplified)拜托了我的狐仙宫司Bàituōle Wǒ de Húxiān GōngsīChinese(Traditional)拜託了我的狐仙宮司Bàituōle Wǒ de Húxiān GōngsīJapaneseお願いっ！私の仙狐宮司Onegai'! Watashi no Senko Guuji[1]Korean부탁해요, 나의 여우 신선 궁사님Butakhaeyo, Na-ui Yeo'u Sinseon Gungsa-nimSpanishSe lo ruego, Suma SacerdotisaI Beg You, High PriestessFrenchS'il te plaît, ma Guuji Kitsune ?Please, My Kitsune Guuji?RussianПожалуйста, Кицунэ ГудзиPozhaluysta, Kitsune GudziThaiรบกวนด้วยนะ Kitsune Guuji ของฉันVietnameseLàm Phiền Rồi Guuji Hồ Ly Của TaGermanBitte an die Kitsune GuujiPlea to the Kitsune GuujiIndonesianAyo dong Kitsune Guuji, Kamu Cantik dehCome On Kitsune Guuji, You're BeautifulPortuguesePor Favor, Minha Kitsune Guuji?TurkishLütfen Kitsune Guuji!Please, Kitsune Guuji!ItalianPer cortesia, Kitsune Guuji?
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.6[Create New History]
References[]
↑ Event Hues of the Violet Garden World Quest, Festival Deeds: Part II: About That Time We Saved the Tanuki Photo Board (Japanese Voice-Over)
Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
A popular light novel in Inazuma which tells the story of a mere mortal suddenly turning into the Raiden Shogun. The story is well-received for its novel plot and has inspired many light novelists.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
Source 2
Sold by Murata at the Outlander Affairs Agency in Ritou during the Hues of the Violet Garden event
Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power is a Quest Item that can be purchased from Murata and Kuroda for  Mora ×1,500 after completing the Event Story Quest Hues of the Violet Garden: True Tales of the Violet Garden: Act I - The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 References
Text[]
Such is life.
Mom and Dad always tell me to know right from wrong, but the reality is that we are always choosing the lesser of two evils.
My girlfriend has decided to break up with me. Not only that, but she also got me fired by telling my supervisor that I have a gambling addiction. Funny how I actually don't have much money to burn because I have protection fees to pay. Failure to do so and anything could happen to my parents.
My parents, however, think I am a loser who could neither find a serious job nor save up any Mora.
That's rather ironic, considering who I am doing this for... How is it my fault?
If it is, I blame myself for my incompetence to find a way out after all the struggles and also my lack of courage to end it once and for all.
Forget it. Just hand them the money when they arrive. After that I really need to think about how to earn some Mora, or I'll only have seagrass on the dinner table in the future.
OK, time to choose between the worse and the worst.
A falling blade, or a flying stone — which one is less painful?
"Bzzzzz—"
I've been hearing strange noises. What's going on...
Is the thunder going to strike?
I wake up not knowing how long I've been unconscious.
All I remember is the sharp pain shooting through my body before I passed out.
"It doesn't feel very painful... What!?"
I scream upon hearing the voice.
Is this my voice?
"Ah, ah—"
So I'm not dreaming.
I lift my arm and see pale, soft skin covered in exquisite fabric.
This is definitely not my body, but to arrive at this conclusion requires a bold logical leap that my brain isn't yet ready to take.
Because it simply doesn't make any sense.
I try to stand up to have a better view of my clothes.
Every detail is brimming with luxury. The clothes are befitting of the one holding the highest authority.
Could it be...
"Where is that brat... Huh? This is... the Raiden Shogun!?"
The very title itself bears weight.
Ah, yes.
I got reincarnated as the Raiden Shogun.
The Kairagi who came to collect debts have already stood in a formation. Although I cannot see their faces, their gestures convey their level of alertness and also fear.
I've never seen them like this.
"Come on! I—It's time to take revenge..."
He trails off — he's scared.
Unwilling to act like a coward in front of his underlings, the man can't just run, but he is also aware of the consequences.
More people are gathering, ten, twenty, fifty...
Perhaps they think their numbers could make a difference.
But the mortals' idea of "outnumbering" simply does not apply to the Raiden Shogun, the wielder of divine powers.
"Let me try my blade with you."
I take a deep breath, focus my mind, and adopt the fighting stance.
My blade shall fall, my destiny, rewritten.
"Musou..."
Wait a moment.
How do I unleash Musou no Hitotachi?
Trivia[]
This book may be written by Kadenokouji Kenzaburou, who once submitted a Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden manuscript that greatly pleased Yae Miko.[1]
The Traveler encounters this book during To Traverse the Mortal Plane in Raiden Shogun's Story Quest, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act I - Reflections of Mortality and has the option to narrate it to Ei.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishShogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power—Chinese(Simplified)转生成为雷电将军，然后天下无敌Zhuǎnshēng Chéngwéi Léidiàn Jiāngjūn, Ránhòu Tiānxià-wúdíChinese(Traditional)轉生成為雷電將軍，然後天下無敵Zhuǎnshēng Chéngwéi Léidiàn Jiāngjūn, Ránhòu Tiānxià-wúdíJapanese雷電将軍に転生したら、天下無敵になったRaiden Shougun ni tensei shita ra, Tenka muteki ni nattaKorean라이덴 쇼군으로 환생하면 천하무적이 된다Ra'iden Syogun-euro Hwansaenghamyeon Cheonhamujeok-i DoendaSpanishLa todopoderosa Shogun: renacida como Raiden con un poder ilimitadoThe All-Powerful Shogun: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited PowerFrenchShogun toute-puissante — Comment j'ai été réincarnée en Raiden aux pouvoirs illimitésAlmighty Shogun — How I Was Reincarnated as Raiden With Unlimited PowersRussianРеинкарнация в непобедимого сёгуна РайдэнReinkarnatsiya v nepobedimogo syoguna RaydenThaiเกิดใหม่ทั้งทีก็เป็นโชกุนไปซะแล้วVietnameseChuyển SinhChuyển Sinh转生 Thành Raiden Shogun, Sau Đó Thiên HạThiên Hạ天下 Vô ĐịchVô Địch无敌GermanWiedergeboren als Shougun Raiden mit unbegrenzter MachtReborn as Shogun Raiden with Unlimited PowerIndonesianShogun Mahakuasa: Terlahir Kembali Sebagai Raiden Dengan Kekuatan Tak TerbatasAlmighty Shogun: Reborn as Raiden with Unlimited PowerPortugueseToda-Poderosa Shogun: Reencarnada como Raiden com Poderes IlimitadosTurkishYüce Şogun: Sınırsız Bir Güçle Yeniden Doğan RaidenSupreme Shogun: Raiden Reborn With Unlimited PowerItalianShogun onnipotente: Rinato come la Raiden dai poteri illimitati
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.6[Create New History]
References[]
↑ Yae Miko's Character Story: Character Story 1
Onibudou
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
A standalone volume from the light novel series "Onibudou," written by Junkichi, a writer with Yae Publishing House. This collection contains the first two major arcs in the story. The quality of the serialized version varies quite a bit, but it still enjoys a degree of popularity amongst readers.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
On a cabinet to the right of Yae Publishing House
Onibudou is a Quest Item obtained from Yae Publishing House.
Contents
1 Location
2 Text
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Location[]
Onibudou's locationAdditional context
Text[]
Arayama City Arc: Chapter 1
It was that same nightmare again, forcing Yutaka Riko to relive the night when the oni race was destroyed.
The dark clouds roared as they closed in, swallowing the village whole. The ink-like flames raged and spread, devouring hundreds of houses all the way to the seaside, causing the seawater to steam and churn, and turning the sand on the shallows into a molten slurry.
The chieftain shoved Riko into an underground cellar. The last words she heard still rang in her ears, drowning out the cries of anguish all around.
"Kataba Shintetsu has betrayed the oni. It was she who brought about this disaster!"
Riko's swordsmanship was taught to her by Shintetsu personally. As far as she could remember, Shintetsu was a demure girl who always wore a faint smile as she talked to others.
Until today, Riko still could not accept that her teacher, the sword prodigy respected by all, could have done something so cruel.
But yet the symbols and talismans scattered around the village made a convincing counterpoint. The chieftain could not have been mistaken...
How should she face Shintetsu?
Riko had not yet decided, and could only sigh deeply.
The noise startled a nearby white cat, and squinting its two mottled eyes, the cat rubbed the back of Riko's hand.
"Sorry, Onigiri. Did I wake you?"
Riko brought her wooden bowl out and placed it before the cat. Listening to the soft sounds of it lapping at the water, she looked up at the sky outside her tent.
Through the gaps in the leaves could the cliffs and mountains under the moonlight be seen, its silver glow tracing the intricate outlines of buildings on the ridges, forming a unique spectacle.
Arayama City lay before her. The towering mountains had all been hollowed out, with a majestic city being built within them. Legend had it that the "people of the mountain" here were the descendants of giants, standing at two times the height of an ordinary person. Even the plants and crops here were larger than anything elsewhere. Moreover, Arayama City's "Arahara Army" was said to be powerful indeed, having fought with the surrounding nations many times while suffering very few defeats.
But Arayama City's brutal lord was not satisfied, and would not be till he had achieved absolute dominion.
Three days ago, the lord had invited Kataba Shintetsu to join the Arahara Army and train his troops in the swordsmanship that the oni had prided themselves in. Shintetsu had agreed gladly...
But regardless of Shintetsu's intentions, Riko's current goal was to find her, defeat her, and mete out the punishment she deserved.
Then, she would follow the clues that the chieftain had given her to search for the true teachings of "Shiseidou," and use the magatama within Onigiri's body to revive her tribespeople.
Thinking thus, Riko put a little more wood on the fire before lying down her side and entering a shallow slumber, preserving her strength for the battle that would commence the next day.
Arayama City Arc: Chapter 15
The standoff had been broken.
The burly commander stood about a hundred paces off, observing the battle personally and executing several deserters. These deeds had the remarkable effect of calming the Arahara Army and steadying their formation. No one dared speak of the assassination of their lord now.
"What are you afraid of? That little brat doesn't even come up to a Lavender Melon's height. Get her!"
The troops looked at each other until forced by their commander's enraged roar to charge at Riko.
Riko heard it, of course. The hand that wielded her sword trembled, and Onigiri, hidden within her hood, mewled softly in fear.
Well, I'm sorry that we oni lived on a deserted island and didn't get an opportunity to grow tall, and thus aren't fit to be your opponents.
But a "fit" has got nothing to do with my ability to defeat you.
Spinning on one tipped toe, Riko let fly her blade with a transient flash of crimson red. Light arced across the battlefield, piercing through the commander's torso.
"Kissaki Yousen."
This was the same special sword technique that the wandering spirit of the previous lord of the city had imparted to Riko — a fatal blade that utterly ignored all distances in battle.
With a terrible, clean crack, the enemy commander's sword split in two, and he fell forward with an inaudible murmur, dead.
Seeing their general go down, the Arahara Army stopped dead in its tracks. Not a single soldier dared to go a step further. Indeed, their formation fell into chaos swiftly thereafter, melting away utterly.
Thus did Arayama City fall, and thus did the people who had long been oppressed rise up and take the lord's mansion, seizing back all that had once belonged to them.
Yet through all this, Kataba Shintetsu did not show her face.
Sheathing her sword, Riko realized that something was off, glancing upward towards the distant mountain peak.
There stood Shintetsu upon Arayama City's greatest height, atop its blazing tower, watching the whole battle. Her face was shrouded in shadow, her expression unreadable.
The two women locked gazes for an instant, and then with a leap, Shintetsu was gone.
Kataba Shintetsu... Why had she come here? She had accepted the invitation of the lord of this city, only to turn around and assassinate him...
Did she still have some good left in her?
Riko shook her head. Now was not the time for excess thoughts. Comforting Onigiri, she quickly ran towards Arayama City.
If she did not continue her pursuit in all haste, Shintetsu was sure to leave her far behind.
Ryuutetsu Cage Arc: Chapter 1
She had gotten careless. This encampment was nothing but a well-disguised trap.
Kataba Shintetsu had intentionally exposed her tracks, placing a large number of talismans amidst the camp, luring Yutaka Riko to pursue her. The moment Riko stepped into the camp, the talismans blew the mountainside clean away, and losing her footing, Riko plummeted into the chasm below...
The impact of the fall was not an issue, but Ryuutetsu Cage, which lay below in the depths of the mountain, was the greatest threat.
This chasm was once a pass separating two nations, and it was the site of a monstrous battle in which nearly a million people were slain. After the war ended, the two nations both sealed this area, pouring their destroyed weapons into this mountain rift. The souls of the unjustly slain warriors were trapped within the bloodied, broken metal, and as the shattered metal churned and turned, it would slowly evolve into the flowing metal sands seen today.
There was no clear distinction between solid ground and the metal dunes, and one could step out onto the sand and immediately sink into the mire, unable to escape as the churning metal sands had swallowed and ground one into dust. One wrong step, and there would be no going back. This strange iron sand even spread across the stone walls, making even the idea of escape by climbing out laughable in the extreme.
Only by slowly traversing the path at the bottom of the chasm could one have any hope of escape. But it was clear that no one had ever managed it. Those who fell into this cage may as well have been sentenced to death.
But Riko was like a woman unburdened. Here was undeniable proof that Kataba Shintetsu had long forsaken any mercy or goodness. Now, when she lifted her sword against her, Riko would not have to hesitate.
Not only this, but Shintetsu had underestimated the progress that Riko had made. This prison of metal sand would not hold her, for she had previously mastered the powerful ability named "Reppuu Tenshoku," which now came in handy.
But just as Riko was about to use that technique, she spied two small heads peeping around the corner of a rock face.
They were girls dressed in rags, their eyes gleaming with hope.
"Are you from the outside world?"
Riko nodded, retrieving Onigiri from her hood. It gave the two girls a limp greeting. The two girls took Riko to a mountain cave, and there she met their elders — a miserable group they were, having wound up in Ryuutetsu Cage by mistake.
"We've been stuck here for several months now. We've barely managed to get by on the grains on our cart, spring water, moss and wild vegetables..."
They were nine people and one cat. She had just enough strength to carry them all out on the woven wings of a gale.
Thus, she made this offer:
"How would you like to escape together with me?"
The old man who led the party kept his eyes on Riko's pale red horn, hesitation in his eyes.
"Warrior... If my eyes do not deceive me, you must be of oni descent, right?"
Unease flashed across Riko's heart.
"That's right, I am an oni. Is there a problem?"
Ryuutetsu Cage Arc: Chapter 14
Onigiri's tail, like a compass' needle, quivered for a moment before pointing forward and to the right. Yutaka Riko stepped forward tentatively — onto solid rock.
Good!
The chasm's exit was close at hand now. If she followed her present speed, she and Onigiri would escape Ryuutetsu Cage before dawn the next day.
"Well done, Onigiri."
Riko had never known till this day that Onigiri's spirit-sight could not only find wandering spirits that could help Riko master all manner of abilities but that it could also be used to steer clear of danger. The vengeful spirits of the Ryuutetsu Cage were unveiled in Onigiri's eyes as if in plain sight, allowing it to find a safe way through.
Perhaps this was the work of the magatama within Onigiri... Were her tribespeople watching over her?
Even so, close to freedom and escape, Riko could not be pleased.
The words of those people buzzed in her ears, agitating and irritating her.
"Even if we starve here, I'll never trust an oni!"
What was with that? She was an oni, sure, but so what?
Everyone was kind, and they had lived peacefully and kept to themselves on their island. Why were they seen as the enemy?
Yet the gazes of those two children were too innocent, and Riko would not leave them to their fate. So she had left all her dry rations with them before using "Kagamichuu Shubutsu" to copy them several times, thus ensuring that they would have enough food to last another half a month.
She had memorized the entire route that she had taken as well. Once they departed, she would look for a nearby garrison and mark the safe route out for them. This way, the garrison would be able to rescue the trapped people.
Ah, this was so exhausting — worse than any battle she had experienced before.
Riko's eyes were dull as she petted Onigiri idly.
Sometimes, all we need is a scapegoat to pin our negativity on in order to bounce back.
As a hazy figure materialized before Riko's eyes, she muttered, irrepressible resentment in her voice,
"This is all your fault, Kataba Shintetsu..."
"Next time, I won't let you escape."
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishOnibudou—Chinese(Simplified)鬼武道Guǐ Wǔ DàoChinese(Traditional)鬼武道Guǐ Wǔ DàoJapanese鬼武道OnibudouOni Martial ArtsKorean귀무도GwimudoRoad of Oni's Martial ArtsSpanishEl espíritu marcialThe Martial SpiritFrenchOnibudoOnibudouRussianОнибудоOnibudoOnibudouThaiศาสตร์การต่อสู้ของโอนิVietnameseQuỷ Võ ĐạoGermanOnibudou—IndonesianOnibudou—PortugueseEspírito MarcialTurkishDövüş SanatlarıMartial ArtsItalianOnibudou—
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.1[Create New History]
Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
A handbook of Hilichurlian written by the folklorist Ella Musk, though its practical use has yet to be tested in the field.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Mimi Tomo Event: Mimi Tomo (Quest)
Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian is a Quest Item obtained during the Event World Quest Mimi Tomo in Mimi Tomo.
Contents
1 Text
2 Trivia
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 References
Text[]
Dedicated to my heir and granddaughter, Ella. In our family's history, she will most likely be the most eccentric but cutest Ella Musk.
This handy handbook can only offer some basic assistance in situations where you urgently need to communicate in Hilichurlian (this book is for reference only and cannot be held responsible for any consequences of its use).
If you wish to learn Hilichurlian, please use a standard textbook such as my next introductory book.
Greetings, Etiquette:
"Da/Dada"
1. Good/Very good. 2. Casual affirmation when conversing, such as, "Ah, okay." 3. Very, completely, most.
Note: "Dada upa" means "very tall/large mountain."
"Ika ya/Ika yaya/Ya ika/Yaya ika"
1. A bad person/Bad people!
Note: If you hear hilichurls shout these words and you are confident in yourself, give them a wallop. Otherwise, run.
"Muhe"
1. Like, want.
Note: You will not generally hear hilichurls say that they like you, so translating this as "want" is sufficient.
Useful Phrases:
"Gusha"
1. Vegetables, grasses, fruits. Disliked things.
Note: Aside from eating plants, "mosi gusha" can also express unhappiness.
If a hilichurl says "Gusha" to you, you must use their tone of voice to determine if they want fruits, rice, or wheat, or if they are dissatisfied.
"Mita"
1. Meat, delicious foods. Liked items.
Note: "In movo lata mita / Mita in movo lata / Mita movo lata" refers to "meat in the water" — I believe that even you can figure that one out, little Ella.
"Upano"
1. Difficult to explain, please see note.
Note: This word is affixed to nouns and describes an upper direction, height, or flight. It can indicate flying insects, birds, clouds, patrolling knights, a small companion sent flying by a larger hilichurl. In short, this word is difficult to explain.
"Celi"
1. Hot. Something that is hot. Fire.
2. Occasionally "sun"; "Celi upa" without "upa" can also mean "sun."
Note: "Celi lata" is an unusual figure of speech as it implies both cold and heat.
This phrase generally refers to things that emit light but not heat.
For example, "Celi lata gusha" is "Small Lamp Grass,"
And "Celi lata" can describe things such as fireflies, stars, or the moon.
"Kucha gusha/Unu gusha"
1. Seed.
Note: It may be hard to believe that I would list such a word. Hilichurls do not specifically practice farming, but they have a habit of stockpiling seeds. Sometimes when they are in a good mood, they will find a place and bury their seeds. "Kucha" means "small," and carries a slightly contemptuous connotation in Hilichurlian. "Unu" is the number "one" and is a holy word that embodies the hilichurls' concept of gods and the origin of life. Both of these terms can be used to describe a seed, which is fascinating.
By the way, "Du" is two, "Unu du" is three, and "Dudu" is four. Can you guess what five is?
The correct answer is "Mani," which also means "hands" or "physical labor."
"Sada"
1. Solid, hard.
Note: In Hilichurlian, "Upa sada" means that you are prepared to do something.
"Boya"
1. Used with certain words to denote colors.
Note: According to my tests, "Celi boya" is red, "Gusha boya" is green," "Lata boya" is blue, "Nini boya" is white, "Nunu boya/Sama boya" are black, and "Unu boya" is yellow.
Time and Directions:
"Aba mosi dada"
1. From waking until lunch.
"Unta mosi dada"
1. The wonderful time from lunch till just before sunset.
"Mosi aba nunu"
1. From after sunset until late night.
"Unta nunu"
1. Late night.
"Du ya zido dala?"
1. Where did this thing go?
Note: After some thought, I have decided to omit Hilichurlian directional words from this handbook. Hilichurls do not have absolute directions, so their directional speech is relative. However, the subject in their responses depends on their attitude towards you. If they like you, they will speak from your point if view. If not, they will use themselves as the frame of reference.
The most recommended method is to obtain a map, ask them this question, and have them identify the location on the map.
Trivia[]
The book's cover says HILIFOLK HANDBOOK in the Teyvat Language.
The Chinese equivalent for the first sentence of the text is 献给我终会继承「艾拉」之名的孙女 "Dedicated to my granddaughter who will eventually inherit the name 'Ella'." The Musk Family seems to have a long tradition that a prominent member inherits the name El (male) or Ella (female).
In the preview given in the English version of the Version 1.5 Special Program, the note about Ella was missing.[1]
Ella's name in the French localization of the handbook is misspelled as "Eula Musk".
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishHandy Handbook of Hilichurlian—Chinese(Simplified)丘丘语速查手册Qiūqiū Yǔ Sù Chá ShǒucèHilichurlian Quick Reference HandbookChinese(Traditional)丘丘語速查手冊Qiūqiū Yǔ Sù Chá ShǒucèJapaneseヒルチャール語ハンドブックHiruchaarugo HandobukkuHilichurlian HandbookKorean츄츄어 핸드북Chuchu'eo HaendeubukHilichurlian HandbookSpanishBreve diccionario de hilichurlioBrief Dictionary of HilichurlianFrenchManuel pratique du BrutocollinusHandy Manual of HilichurlianRussianХиличурлский разговорник для чайниковKhilichurlskiy razgovornik dlya chaynikovHilichurlian Phrasebook for DummiesThaiคู่มือภาษา Hilichurl ฉบับพกพาKhumue Phasa Hilichurl Chabap PhokphaPortable Hilichurlian ManualVietnameseSổ Tay Tra Cứu Tiếng HilichurlGermanKompaktes Wörterbuch für HilichurlischCompact Dictionary for HilichurlianIndonesianBuku Panduan Bahasa HilichurlGuidebook of HilichurlianPortugueseBreve Dicionário de HilichurlêsTurkishPratik Dağ Yabanisi Dili El KitabıHandy HilichurlianHilichurlianHilichurlianHilichurlian Tooltip for HilichurlianHilichurlianⓘlit. "mountain savage language" HandbookItalianManuale pratico hilichurlianoHilichurlian Practical Manual
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.5[Create New History]
References[]
↑ YouTube: Version 1.5 Special Program (Timestamp: 39m 06s - 39m 17s)
An Ode to Khvarena
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
Lore reportedly passed down within a lost religious group in the desert. Someone has transcribed it into a script.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
On a table in the House of Daena
An Ode to Khvarena is a Quest Item obtained from the House of Daena.
Contents
1 Location
2 Text
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Location[]
An Ode to Khvarena's locationAdditional context
Text[]
O Nagarjuna,
Aided by Khvarena in its countless forms, I bless this land of eternal calamity.
When the sludge of the deepest depths of the abyss stained the first kingdom,
The glorious Khvarena that aided the Lord of Wisdom was scattered in endless forms.
I crossed back over the River of Sorrow, and of the Amrita I drank.
I opened a path for the benevolent spirits so that the merciful light of wisdom may illuminate the four corners.
O Nagarjuna,
Aided by Khvarena in its countless forms, I nourish the benevolent spirits in the sea of flowers.
Behold, soul illuminated by Khvarena, final descendant of the god of grass and trees.
Behold, heroes who battle the cataclysm endlessly, foes of the Dev.
For not even the inky gloom from beyond the skies shall erode their forms.
O Nagarjuna,
Aided by Khvarena in its countless forms, I have transcended the dead of this foul earth.
Cleanse the sinless of their sins, so that they may be reborn in a pure land free of suffering.
In the chakras of the earth are contained the karmic seeds that will give birth to all things.
The fleeting blights and glories of the earthly realm are naught but the illusion of existing seeds.
O Nagarjuna,
Aided by Khvarena in its countless forms, I have cleansed the abyss of heaven above.
The sludge welling up from the depths of the abyss has finally receded,
The legacy of Dahri, too, has submitted to the law.
A thousand songs were sung in unison, and the heavy rains abated for a time.
O Nagarjuna,
If the dark tide reappears and the black abyss returns,
Sing this hymn and offer prayers to the Khvarena unassailable.
May the eternal Khvarena guide us on the upward path.
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishAn Ode to Khvarena—Chinese(Simplified)灵光颂Língguāng-sòngKhvarenaKhvarenaKhvarenaKhvarena Tooltip for KhvarenaKhvarenaⓘlit. "spirit light" OdeChinese(Traditional)靈光頌Língguāng-sòngJapanese霊光への頌歌Reikou he no Shouka‍[!][!]Assumed readingHymn of the KhvarenaKhvarenaKhvarenaKhvarena Tooltip for KhvarenaKhvarenaⓘlit. "spirit light"Korean크바레나 찬송가Keubarena ChansonggaKhvarena HymnSpanishStotra de las jvarenaStotra of the Khvarena[• 1]FrenchUne ode à la khvarenaAn Ode to KhvarenaRussianОда ХварнеOda KhvarneAn Ode to KhvarenaThaiบทกวีสรรเสริญควาเรนาห์VietnameseBài Ca Ánh SángGermanOde an die KhvarenaOde to the KhvarenaIndonesianLagu Pujian untuk KhvarenaHymn to KhvarenaPortugueseOde à KhvarenaTurkishKhvarena'ya Bir KasideAn Ode to KhvarenaItalianOde alla Khvarena
↑ Spanish: A Stotra (Sanskrit: स्तोत्र) is an ode, eulogy, or hymn of praise.
Change History[]
Released in Version 3.0[Edit History]Version 3.6
An Ode to Soul-Light was renamed to An Ode to Khvarena, and instances of "Soul-Light" and "spirits" were changed to "Khvarena."
Version 3.0
An Ode to Soul-Light was released.
The Lay of Al-Ahmar
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
The story about an ancient god whose name has been lost to history. The story is told by a floating Jinni. The veracity of the story cannot be determined.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
On a table in the House of Daena
The Lay of Al-Ahmar is a Quest Item obtained from House of Daena.
Contents
1 Location
2 Text
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Location[]
The Lay of Al-Ahmar's locationAdditional context
Text[]
According to the desert dwellers, the world was once ruled by a king named Al-Ahmar, a king of warriors, horticulturists, and sages. He controlled the winds whistling through the desert, the dunes turned bright silver by moonlight, and the one thousand and one Jinn who hid within the night and the calls of owls.
They say that Al-Ahmar was a son of the sky. That is why he was known as the king of the world and received the fervent faith of countless people from the three great tribes, and was even adored by the elusive Jinn. Whenever he looked up to the sky and recalled the boundless paradise high above, and the merciless reign of thousands of years past, Al-Ahmar could not help but lower his noble head and sigh helplessly.
In such moments, even the songs of the nightingale and the aroma of roses could not pull him from his sorrow.
The desert dwellers knew well that the ravings of nostalgia often presaged the arrival of calamity. But in that world where the wise enjoyed peace and happiness, and in the era where brave young men and women courted like lions and roses, no one foresaw the arrival of catastrophe.
But how should we blame the people and spirits of the past? Even one as wise as the greatest of sages, Hermanubis, could never have known that the valiant tribe that once could equal the dragons would be reduced to corpse-eating monsters a thousand years later, and that their sullied honor and bones would be buried for eternity beneath the gilded dunes. How could he have known that the tribe of the wise, known for generations of sages, would lose our texts and become wandering bards of the desert, mourning our emperor with songs that only the Jinn understand?
It is as the sages say: a mere thought can yet often bring forth calamity, if it is from the undisguised melancholy and madness of a king.
Thus did the three retainers of Al-Ahmar (may seven times seven curses fall upon them!) present their strategy to the king:
"Your Majesty, ruler of the world, lord of the four corners of the earth, king over Jinn and mortals alike."
The Goat King, the minister of all ministers, spoke flatteringly,
"I humbly beg your pardon if I overstep, but Your Majesty, I'm certain you are aware that indulging in dreams of old and sorrows of the past is no way to be for long. The endless power and wisdom of this land can build you a palace that surpasses the heavens, Your Majesty, and it shall bring your people a prosperous future."
"No," Al-Ahmar said with a frown, and the Goat King fell silent.
"Your Majesty, son of the sky, subjugator of gods, and greatest of all sages,"
The Ibis King, the scribe of all scribes, advised,
"The divine punishment of a thousand years past brought the downfall of wisdom and history. For a better future, Your Majesty, you should take control of the past. The present oases hold the wisdom of the 'present', but if we are to seize the 'past', we must act swiftly."
"No." Al-Ahmar struck the ground with his staff, and the Ibis King fell silent.
"Your Majesty, lord of dunes and oases, guide of the living and the dead, master of all elements."
The Crocodile King, the commander of commanders, spoke frankly,
"If we are to recall the lost lives and welcome lost opportunities and dreams back into the fold, then this is our final chance. The greater the authority, the greater the emptiness. The greater the wisdom, the greater the sorrow. Forget the delusions of the Void. Only resurrection and life eternal can fill the endless pit of regret."
Al-Ahmar fell silent.
"Fine."
The arbitrary king heeded his retainers' lies. Thus did Al-Ahmar use a hundred years and a hundred years further to build a huge maze for his kingdom, before trapping himself deep within it in search of forbidden knowledge and an elixir with which he might abandon his mortal form.
The subsequent events are knowledge that should not be revisited. They should be eternally forgotten by any rational history.
According to the legends of the desert dwellers, in just one night, the kingdom of wisdom and power was buried by the sands of retribution.
They say Al-Ahmar separated his mind from his flesh and bone, placing it within the corridors, stairways, doorways, and beams that crawled eternally into the depths.
It is said that Al-Ahmar's body gradually decayed on his throne while worms feasted on it, and that his soul merged into one with the wailing souls of the millions in his kingdom, doomed to wander, lost amidst the howling end, traveling along the dark and winding corridors, growing ever closer to the bottomless abyss...
Thus did the minds of millions merge into one, a lone soul that would eventually succumb to madness.
And so, Al-Ahmar's kingdom was built and destroyed by his own hand.
They say that when that night came, the desert quaked, and the walls of Al-Ahmar's royal city collapsed. One thousand and one pillars trembled before the gale, and the bulls and griffins that once stood proudly atop them, gazing down at the lifeless dunes, now reluctantly fell into its gilded embrace. Countless people, sage or fool, hero or coward — all of them vanished within the sandstorm that night.
The lucky survivors fell into eternal silence. It's said that they were made blind and mute as punishment for their sin of benefitting from forbidden knowledge.
The sages say that trying to keep knowledge for yourself is ignorance, and that the punishment for ignorance is ignorance itself.
As for the descendants of the ignorant who have lost their history, the Eremites say:
We have returned from the land of the lost,
The sky of the ages we have changed,
Fear shall not stop us,
No god shall we heed.
Across the ocean of sand akin to gravel,
To its end we shall sail.
The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle
The story of a shepherd who came across a magic bottle within which an unexpected being was confined.
Table in the House of Daena
The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle is a Quest Item obtained from the House of Daena.
The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle's Location
Legend has it that King Al-Ahmar, while still alive, had collected numerous Jinn and demons from across the world, placing them within magic bottles.
Legend has it that the world was once teeming with such Jinn. Al-Ahmar, mighty yet bewildered, seized them from the silver night winds and quicksands of the desert, the mystical swirls of the ocean, and the tinkling springs in the rainforest, and kept them in silver bottles. He was like an arrogant conqueror, and at the same time, a curious child.
Al-Ahmar harnessed the spirits with bridles and yokes, learned from their laments about the story of the dismal moon and the driving morning star, and built the majestic Ay-Khanoum — the "City of Amphitheaters," or "City of the Moon Maiden" — to commemorate them. It is said to have been the city of the spirits, the paradise for migrants from the moon, gifted to them by Al-Ahmar. In return, the spirits constructed the huge doorway to his mausoleum.
This is the tale as the desert singers would tell it. Countless years later, Ay-Khanoum — like Saleh, the city of the valiant Thamudians, Tulaytullah, the land of the wise Tighnarians, and Orghana, the city of the Twenty-Nine Deys — has long been buried beneath heavy sands and swirling currents, as have the countless clans that inhabited it and the innumerable Jinn imprisoned in their silver magic bottles.
But now, let us leave the unnecessary fact-finding to one side and return to the subject...
Fifteen years after Port Ormos was built, a young shepherd found a silver bottle in the Gravelsong Dunes (Note 1). Whether out of childish curiosity or a recklessness uncharacteristic of desert dwellers, the boy broke the seal beneath the silver bottle and opened it beneath the moonlight. (Note 2)
"The ravens of the mortal world are so exceptionally noisy..."
A Jinni arose from within the bottle (Note 3) in the form of a dancer, as flexible and languid as a cat and as bright and beautiful as a water lily.
"Ravens...?"
The youth was clueless, as he did not resemble a bird, nor was he noisy.
"Yes, ravens."
The spirit repeated, rather impatiently.
"Birds that live fast and die fast, a noisy lot and no mistake... 'Only when they die do they wake up.' What about this is there to not understand, hmm?"
The young man shook his head in confusion, bringing a sigh to the spirit's lips.
"Listen, foolish bird."
The spirit shook her head, her myrrh-scented braids swaying gently in the moonlight, the golden bells dangling at their ends ringing dreamily, but her amber eyes glinting like daggers.
"I will allow you to ask three questions under three conditions..."
"First, do not defame my lord Al-Ahmar. This is my bottom line. (Note 4)"
"Second, harbor you no arrogance. Short-lived mortals should know where they stand."
"Third, do not pry into the affairs of heaven and earth. Know this: there are indeed brave guardians and splendid stars in heaven."
"If you fail to comply, I will fly into your mouth and nose on the night wind, like the three moon goddesses on their steeds, draw out your guts and soul, and make your lifeless flesh my new home."
The youngster hastened to cover his mouth and nose, nodding profusely to show that he understood the conditions.
"Then ask, beloved child of my lord, slave of heaven."
Said the spirit, chuckling. The bright moonlight fell on her braids, and flowed into her nearly transparent skin, granting it a crystalline sheen.
"Who are you?"
The young man asked.
"I'm a creation of the sky, yet also a creature of this world. I'm an exile of the ages, a faithful servant to my great lord. I'm an elemental spirit who will not bow to flesh and blood, an eternal prisoner content with the illusion of comfort..."
The spirit held her head up high with pride, letting moonlight flow through her translucent body, her golden bells ringing in the desert wind.
"As a descendant of Liloufar, I can be big or small. I can rise or hide. My kindred may be found in the waves, in the night wind, or in the pale light of the dead moon. In short, I'm a spirit, and I'm proud of who I am."
"Then why are you in this bottle?"
The young man shook the silver bottle in his hand and asked uncomprehendingly.
"My lord Al-Ahmar aspired to conquer the world. All mountains and seas would be his to command. To this end, he made us magic bottles of silver and stamped his mark on us, and so we became his servants, engaging in noble deeds of creation and exploration. In other words... we were not servants in shame, but servants with pride."
"But afterwards..."
The spirit said quietly, her amber eyes darkening.
"My lord brought disaster upon himself, leaving us sentenced to generations of oblivion. We were trapped in sealed silver bottles, drowning in dreams until the moment of our death."
"Well, your third question, then!"
The spirit waved her hand briskly, causing a clear jingle of the ancient silver coins adorning her wrists.
"Have a care for your query, or your mouth and nose will suffer!"
"So..."
The young man hesitated for a moment, and asked the last question.
"What's it like to live in a bottle?"
Seemingly having never heard of such a question before, the spirit was slightly surprised before she answered slowly.
"In the first era, I lived in a carefree palace, singing with nightingales and talking with roses. It was a beautiful time, a time when poets and lovers were born because of me. In those days, it seemed that the entire City of the Moon Maiden was in the bottle, and even the tasteless spring water was intoxicating."
"At that time, I told myself that if anyone ever broke the seal and let me out into the outside world, I would curse and kill them."
"In the era that came after, sandstorms and demons ran riot. Nightingales sang till their voice grew raspy and their blood dried up. Roses withered and turned into tangles of thorns. Poets died of maltreatment, lovers were displaced, prosperity vanished... It was a dreadful time when everything came to a standstill in the eternal collapse. Yet likewise, the City of the Moon Maiden seemed to be right in the bottle."
"So I told myself that if anyone ever broke the seal and let me out into the outside world, I would fight against its injustice."
"Then in the third era, everything was reduced to dust. The grand play of the City of the Moon Maiden came to an end, and what remained were the ruined theater and the wrecked masks of the gods. In that era, I ran out of tears to shed, and the chiming golden bells and the fluttering veil became to me a haunting curse."
"And so, I told myself amidst that desolation that if anyone ever broke the seal and let me out into the outside world, I would turn into an evil seeking revenge — I would destroy the world, or else destroy myself."
"So..."
A gust of cold wind in the desert sent a shiver over the young man, causing him to tighten his loose robe.
"Yes, I could have made you the first target of my revenge... tore your bones and flesh to make a cruel song of your soul."
The spirit smiled teasingly, like a nightingale announcing a death on a summer night.
"Yet the dead moon cast a glow over the quicksand dunes, and over me... and I suddenly realized how lovely the world is."
"And so this poor Jinni, like a chick struggling to break through its egg, has hopelessly fallen in love with this barren and ravaged world and its circle of life and death. The proud Jinni, once nourished by the delicacies of roses, has fallen for the land infested with toads and vipers..."
"It all makes me wonder what it will be like... when the 'raven' becomes the 'groom.'"
"So...?"
The youngster cowered again.
"So, tell me a story, little raven. Let me see the world."
The spirit grinned slyly at the sight of the youth's puzzled look, her golden bells tinkling at the end of her braids.
And so, the spirit of the moon maiden's city once again embarked on her journey around the world.
Footnotes:
1. This is the desert area that the Eremites often refer to as "Dar al-Azif." This does not refer to a fixed place, since the dunes themselves flow like the wind.
2. Faramaraz, a Purbiruni academic, has insisted on an absurd opinion that this occurred "out of the ignorance inherent to the desert dwellers," which is not even worth refuting. May a hundred birds gather on this unreasonable man's bed, and may the mountains hurl stones at him.
3. Faramaraz, a Purbiruni academic, has argued that the word "rise" was inappropriate here and that a better word should be used to present the image of "pouring out like a radiant cloud of smoke." It must be admitted that his opinion has literary merit, but it will not be adopted academically. May his bowels become as gnarled as stones, and may his barber be the executioner of his hair!
4. Faramaraz, a Purbiruni academic, has pointed out that "Al-Ahmar" was not the name that the monarch used during his lifetime, and that it is improper to quote it here. May wisdom forsake him, may his hair grow thin, and may his beard turn white before its time!
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Shepherd and the Magic Bottle—Chinese(Simplified)牧童与魔瓶的故事Mùtóng yǔ Mópíng de GùshìChinese(Traditional)牧童與魔瓶的故事Mùtóng yǔ Mópíng de GùshìJapanese牧童と魔法の瓶Bokudou to Mahou no BinKorean목동과 요술병 이야기Mokdonggwa Yosulbyeong IyagiSpanishEl pastor y la botella mágicaThe Shepherd and the Magic BottleFrenchLe berger et la bouteille magiqueThe Shepherd and the Magic BottleRussianПастушок и волшебная бутылкаPastushok i volshebnaya butylkaThaiเรื่องราวของเด็กเลี้ยงแกะกับขวดวิเศษVietnameseCâu Chuyện Về Mục Đồng Và Bình MaGermanDie Geschichte über den Hirtenjungen und die ZauberflascheThe Story of the Sheperd and the Magic BottleIndonesianGembala dan Botol AjaibThe Shepherd and the Magic BottlePortugueseO Pastor e a Garrafa MágicaTurkishÇoban ve Büyülü ŞişeThe Shepherd and the Magic BottleItalianIl pastore e la bottiglia magica
Change History[]
Released in Version 3.0[Edit History]Version 3.2
A typo in the English localization was corrected.
Old: In return, the spirits constructed the huge doorway to his masoleum.
New: In return, the spirits constructed the huge doorway to his mausoleum.
Version 3.0
The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle was released.
"Our Chenyu Vale Trek" Album
Book Type
Quest Items
Quality
								Description
A commemorative photo album containing many marvelous pictures. Shockingly, over half were taken by the same person.
								How to Obtain
Source 1
Complete Our Chenyu Vale Trek
"Our Chenyu Vale Trek" Album is a Quest Item obtained by completing the World Quest Our Chenyu Vale Trek.
Contents
1 Contents
2 Gallery
3 Other Languages
4 Change History
Contents[]
Photo 1: Chenyu Amidst the CloudsBy: WanjingPhoto 2: Tea-Tasting AdeptusBy: AkaiPhoto 3: Mt. XuanlianBy: (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)Photo 4: Tranquil JademouthBy: (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)Photo 5: Lotus Pond Beneath the MoonBy: (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)Photo 6: Guests of QiaoyingBy: (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)Photo 7: Yilong Above the WharfBy: AnonymousPhoto 8: Ancient Teatree KingBy: Ctesiphon
Gallery[]
Menu Screenshot
Other Languages[]
LanguageOfficial NameEnglish"Our Chenyu Vale Trek" AlbumChinese(Simplified)「沉玉之旅」纪念册Chinese(Traditional)「沉玉之旅」紀念冊Japanese「沈玉の旅」記念アルバム"Chingyoku no Tani" Kinen ArubamuKorean「침옥곡 여행」 기념 앨범"Chimokgok Yeohaeng" Ginyeom AelbeomSpanishÁlbum de “Periplos en Chenyu”FrenchAlbum « Randonnée à Chenyu »RussianАльбом «Путешествие по Чэньюй»Al'bom "Puteshestviye po Chen'yuy"Thaiอัลบั้มที่ระลึก "เส้นทางแห่ง Chenyu"VietnameseTập Ảnh "Hành Trình Trầm Ngọc"GermanGedenkalbum zu „Reisen in Chenyu“IndonesianAlbum "Petualangan Chenyu"PortugueseÁlbum "Nossa Caminhada Pelo Vale Chenyu"Turkish"Chenyu Vadisi Yürüyüşümüz" AlbümüItalianAlbum "La nostra gita alla Vallata Chenyu"
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.4[Create New History]
