he Chinese name of this hangout is a partial quote of the saying 闻弦歌知雅意 wěn xián'gē zhī yǎyì, "[the person who] hears the song plucked on a stringed instrument understands the meaning concealed within.


Lisa: Wow, I have to hand it to you, cuties. I never imagined that you'd be able to bring in so much Mora in such a short amount of time...
 Lisa: You're practically geniuses when it comes to business.
Icon Dialogue Talk It's all thanks to your help.
 Lisa: Hehe, always so humble...
 Lisa: Although, with results this impressive, I would say you could stand to take a bit more credit.
Icon Dialogue Talk We just got the hang of it along the way.
 Lisa: Hm, a testament to your ability to learn on the job.
 Lisa: If I had your help all the time, I bet I could take double the amount of vacation without a care in the world.
 Lisa: With all your hard work up to this point, we've already collected enough sales data for our research. Thank you so much for all your help.
 Lisa: Of course, if you're interested in continuing to run the shop, you'd make me a very happy Lisa.
 Lisa: In either case, I should already have more than enough to report back to Jean with.
 Jean: (Traveler), Paimon, it's been a long time.
 Paimon: Jean!
 Lisa: Oh, you're here! I wrapped up some business with my cuties, and was just about to go report back to you at headquarters.
 Jean: No need. I already talked to some other knights, so I think I have fairly good understanding of the situation.
 Jean: Looks like you've troubled (Traveler) to help you once again?
 Lisa: Hehe, how could I not? When it comes to work as important as this, a smart and capable partner is simply a must have — especially if we want good results.
 Lisa: Look at the success of the shop! I could have never produced that kind of result on my own.
 Jean: Well, I do have to admit, your success is remarkable.
 Jean: I've been meaning to come see you for some time now, but work kept getting in the way, and I simply couldn't find the time... Regardless, I just knew I had to come thank you in person.
Icon Dialogue Talk We should thank you for your support as well.
Icon Dialogue Talk It was a group effort.
 Jean: It's truly reassuring to have such outstanding members among our ranks.
 Lisa: Hehe, once this is all over, I do believe I'm due for a vacation.
 Lisa: I've lost quite a few strands of hair to all the stress.
 Jean: Of course. Thank you for all your hard work.
 Jean: Seeing you cooped up in that library all the time, I was worried you might be bored. So I thought I'd give you an opportunity to truly make use of your talents.
 Jean: Perhaps I put too much on your plate at once...
 Lisa: It wasn't that bad. After all, it's not like I was in it alone. All the help from the Knights and (Traveler) really helped to lessen the load.
 Lisa: Plus, it was fun to get back into research. It's nice to relive those days every once in a while.
 Jean: I'm glad to hear that.
 Jean: Thank you again for all your help, (Traveler). Please take this as your compensation.
 Lisa: Ah, speaking of compensation, I've also prepared a little memento for you. Here, I hope you like it!
A Job Well Done Quest Still 1 Aether
A Job Well Done Quest Still 1 Lumine
(Talk to Lisa or Jean, optional)
 Jean: Public reception towards alchemical potions has been much more favorable than expected.
 Jean: If things continue like this, the potions industry could end up becoming a new revenue stream for the entire region of Mondstadt...
 Lisa: We've got more than enough time to make big plans for the future. Right now, we should focus on the hard-earned success we've been able to achieve so far. How about we find a time to celebrate together?
 Paimon: Ooh, a celebration! As long as there's yummy food, Paimon's in!
 Lisa: Of course. Once I've made the preparations, you'll be the first to know. I'll even do you the honor of extending your invitation in person, hehe.
 Jean: That does sound nice. You certainly deserve to relax after all your hard work.