A city of freedom that lies in the northeast of Teyvat.
From amongst mountains and wide-open plains, carefree breezes carry the scent of dandelions — a gift from the Anemo God, Barbatos — across Cider Lake to Mondstadt, which sits on an island in the middle of the lake.
"Mea libertas meus canor" which translates to "My freedom is my song."
Mondstadt considers the Dandelion, Flight and Wine to be its trademarks, being the very few things that it learned from the Wind Archon.
Roses in Mondstadt, instead of love, represent the saying "As wine bottles are corked, so too are my lips sealed." It encourages people to keep one another's secrets.
Citizens and people in Liyue often mock Mondstadt for being a city without rule with their god abandoned, showcasing the contrast between how others view freedom versus constitution. They are also unaware of the reasons as to why the Anemo Archon decided not to rule over Mondstadt, which may hint that every other region shares the same outlook.
Mondstadt is the only region whose capital lacks background NPCs.
It is also the only region whose emblem design does not incorporate or include its own associated elemental icon.
Etymology
Mondstadt is German for "Moon City."
The official English translation of the manga sometimes abbreviates the name as "Mond", which is how it is translated in Chinese, as well as Japanese and Korean.
Cultural References
Mondstadt is inspired by Germanic cultures, particularly German culture.
Culture-wise and landscape-wise Mondstadt closely resembles Germany's Rhineland-Palatinate state. Wine culture has dominated this region for 2000 years. Annual Weinlesefests are held there just as they are in Mondstadt. Historic villages and towns are built like Mondstadt in a half-timbered architecture style with gothic churches and cathedrals. The Rhineland's landscape is lush and green, rolling hills take turns with high and steep cliffs. The steepest vineyards in the world are to be found there. Like Mondstadt, the Rhineland's landscape is dotted with the ruins of an ancient civilization, that of the Romans.
Many of Mondstadt's characters have German names or titles: Klee means "clover" in German. Fischl, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung means "Princess of Condemnation." Albedo, Kreideprinz means "Prince of Chalk." Diona of Kätzlein bloodline means of "Kitten" bloodline. Mika Schmidt's family name is the German version of "Smith."
Mondstadt's annual spring festival is called Windblume, which is German for "Wind Flower."
Mondstadt's annual autumn festival is called Weinlesefest, which is German for "Wine Harvesting Festival."
The font of Mondstadt's written language is a broken up and mirrored version of Fraktur, a font most typical in German-speaking countries from the Middle Ages until the early 21st century. You can still see it on many signs or old houses in Germany. However, the language itself is English, likely for easier international understanding.
The most important statue of Barbatos stands at Windrise under a massive oak tree. The oak is the national tree of Germany, thus oak leaves are a prominent symbol on most German military orders and currency.
The de facto ruling body of Mondstadt are the Knights of Favonius which mirrors the State of the Teutonic Order, in which the Grand Master of the Order is the head of state.
Mondstadt is also called the Free City; this title was given to sovereignly ruled city-states of the Holy Roman Empire, the medieval predecessor of what today is Germany. Today the official name of German cities, especially those of the Hanseatic League like Hamburg or Bremen, still carry the Free City prefix.
While the national bird of Mondstadt yīng (Chinese: 鹰) is translated as a falcon in the English version, in reality it more commonly means an eagle/hawk in Mandarin (see Vennessa#Trivia for details). The eagle is one of the most significant symbols of Germany, and the Federal Republic of Germany adopts the Bundesadler ("Federal Eagle" in German) as its coat of arms. It is a successor of the Reichsadler ("Imperial Eagle") of the Holy Roman Empire, which in turn originates from the Aquila of ancient Rome, the symbol of the Roman legions.
"Die Luft der Freiheit weht," meaning "The wind of freedom blows," is a notable German motto originated from a Latin phrase written by the German poet laureate and humanist Ulrich von Hutten (1488–1523). See Venti's Etymology section for details.
Since the Romantic era Germans call their country "Das Land der Dichter und Denker" ("The Land of Poets and Thinkers"). Mondstadt is famous for being a nation of poetry too. Fittingly, the original Chinese version as well as the Japanese version of the game call Mondstadt's biggest hotel the "Goethe Grand Hotel." Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was Germany's most prominent poet of the Romantic era. In the English version of the game, probably due to a translation mistake, the aforementioned hotel is called the Goth Grand Hotel.
Goethe was also a major contributor to the philosophy of freedom and the most famous quotes from his magnum opus Faust include "The last result of wisdom stamps it true: he only earns his freedom and existence who daily conquers them anew" (German: "Das ist der Weisheit letzter Schluß: der verdient sich Freiheit wie das Leben, der täglich sie erobern muß") (translated by Bayard Taylor), of which the first clause is cited as the English name of Mona's special food.
The Black-Back Hound dog race, that the game archive says originates in Mondstadt, is of the distinctive tan and black fur color and pattern of the German Shepherd.
The Anemo icon goes around the windmill and is reminiscent of a large predatory bird.
Besides, the English names for areas in Mondstadt are composed of Anglo-Saxon (native English) words.
Name of several characters in Mondstadt, for example, Amber, Bennett, Razor, Sucrose and Thoma originate from English.
The icon for Mondstadt consists of a six-spoked post mill, something commonly found throughout Medieval Europe, especially in the Netherlands.

Snezhnaya is a region of perpetual winter storms; Nadia states that blizzards can last for a month straight and despite being in the midst of danger, its people look up to the sky and are just happy to be alive. Childe claims that people would literally freeze to death if they didn't keep moving outside. At night, the Snezhnayan sky can see a beautiful aurora of dancing light.[4]
Technologically, Snezhnaya is much more advanced than the other regions on Teyvat. Venti states that the Fatui are the strongest out of the seven regions' military, which is supported by the fact that all of their known fighting members utilize elemental attacks. The description for Agent's Sacrificial Knife calls it a "weapon made with superior Snezhnayan technology." The Fatui Skirmishers wear mechanical suits of varying degrees, and some of its members use guns and cannons in battle. Alice, who has visited Snezhnaya, recalls seeing massive factories, which she wrote down in her Teyvat Travel Guide, and Il Dottore built a factory in Liyue to conduct Ruin Guard research which is fully automated.[5]
The Adventurers' Guild originates from Snezhnaya;[6] while this fact doesn't seem to be a secret, few people comment on it and the Guild doesn't face the same apprehension that people regard the Fatui with. It was also hinted that Katheryne, the receptionist(s) for the Adventurers' Guild, are a series of androids created for the role: the Katherynes in all regions so far are identical, and have "Error..." and "Rebooting..." idle quotes. This is further emphasized by the Katheryne stationed in Liyue, as she side-steps the Traveler questioning about her identity. Katheryne's identity as a "bionic Snezhnayan puppet" was confirmed by Nahida.[7]

Liyue is a bountiful harbor that lies in the east of Teyvat. Mountains stand tall and proud alongside the stone forest, that, together with the open plains and lively rivers, make up Liyue's bountiful landscape, which shows its unique beauty through each of the four seasons. Just how many gifts from the Geo God lie in wait amongst the rocks of Liyue's mountains?
In the trailer Teyvat Chapter Storyline Preview: Travail, under the title of the quest Farewell, Archaic Lord, there is a line written in Teyvat's Latin script. It reads "Ruat caelum fiat pactum," which roughly means "Though the heavens fall, let the contract be made," and is modified from the phrase fiat justitia ruat caelum.
Liyue is the most prosperous of the seven regions.
As of Chapter I, Liyue is the only region to ostensibly not have a ruling archon at all, after Morax faked his death in the quest Rite of Descension.
Liyue features many unique mechanics and environmental hazards:
Five Bedrock Keys are found in the aboveground part of The Chasm which must be destroyed to break the seal over the Underground Mines in the World Quest Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering in Series The Chasm Delvers. The player must charge each nearby Cage-Shaped Geo Formation using Geograna, then attack the formation to strike the key. The key is destroyed when this has been done with all the nearby formations.
Dangerous Gas reacts with Electro and Pyro, producing an explosion, while Anemo temporarily dissipates it.
Exploding Geo Mushrooms (unofficial name) explode after a short delay, sometimes destroying nearby structures. The player and enemies will incur damage if they are near one when it explodes.
The Lumenstone Adjuvant Lumenstone Adjuvant is obtained during the World Quest Chasm Spelunkers in Series The Chasm Delvers. When equipped and energized, it lights the player's surroundings in The Chasm: Underground Mines and enables certain actions. The Adjuvant is disabled if unequipped or drained of energy.
The Adjuvant's energy is quickly recharged to full when the player stands next to certain objects with the Adjuvant equipped:
Lumentorches (unofficial name) can be activated when approached by the player stands nearby with the energized Adjuvant equipped, or by a Luminous Seelie. This does not cost any of the Adjuvant's energy. Lighting all nearby Lumentorches unlocks a chest.
Dark Mud quickly drains energy from the Adjuvant while inhibiting Sprinting and sapping the player's HP. Enemies within it gain ATK and Resistance to all DMG. If an Oozing Concretion is found within a patch of mud, a sufficiently-upgraded Adjuvant can be used to destroy it, which will disperse the mud and potentially reveal objects it covered. Oozing Concretions and their associated Dark Mud respawn with the next Reset.
The Hidden Exploration Objective Secret Messages in The Chasm requires the player to locate and interact with nine glowing rune phrases on the walls. A rune phrase will disappear if the player nears it with the Adjuvant equipped and energized, preventing interaction. The player must unequip or drain the Adjuvant first.
The Adjuvant can be upgraded by bringing Lumenspar Lumenspar and Lumenstone Ore Lumenstone Ore to Jinwu.
Lumencages (unofficial name) can be attacked to fire projectiles to destroy nearby targets.
Mine Passageways (unofficial name) can be found that allow the player to travel between a point in The Chasm: Underground Mines and an above-ground location in Teyvat.
A special type of Pressure Plate is found here that requires the player to touch a sequence of points to unlock a chest.
A Spoutrock drastically increases the player's jumping height when they stand on it and momentarily prevent Fall Damage.
Unique Rocks can be broken by the reverberations that come from a Unique Rock Pillar when attacked. Geo Constructs propagate these reverberations, allowing the player to extend their range.
Fujin grants the player the ability to use adeptal energy on first entering Chenyu Vale. An object which can be manipulated or used with adeptal energy has a leaping carp icon over it that turns yellow when the player is facing it and is in range. Pressing the corresponding button will cause the player to interact with that object.
Certain objects can be repositioned to solve puzzles, including pieces of masonry (as part of the Millennia of History mechanic), Carefree Simulacra, and Jade Cascade hairpins (the latter occurring in the World Quest An Ancient Sacrifice of Sacred Brocade in Series Chenyu's Blessings of Sunken Jade).
Flighty Simulacra allow a nearby player to jump to great heights, similar to Spoutrocks.
Golden Carp's Leap is an exploration mechanic where the player can use adeptal energy on special floating water pearls to transform into a golden carp and fly to the pearl's location. From there, the player can fly a short distance in any direction before turning back into their original form.
Wrathful Simulacra act similarly to water pearls, but also allow the player to deploy their own water pearls anywhere they like within a certain radius.
There are also special pearls that cause the player's golden carp to fly on a predetermined path, but these must be interacted with directly in the typical fashion rather than at a distance with adeptal energy.
Interacting with a Jade Incense Cauldron using adeptal energy causes the orb within to fly to the player, or back to the cauldron if the player already has the orb. Censers near the orb's flight path will be temporarily lit. Light all nearby censers at once to solve the puzzle.
Large Lotus Lanterns light up smaller lanterns within a certain radius. Adeptal energy can be used to pick up and reposition the large lantern. The smaller lanterns remain lit for a brief time after leaving the large lantern's radius of influence. Light all nearby smaller lanterns at once to solve the puzzle.
Miasma affects nearby monsters, making them more violent. Miasma encounters come in three waves; in each wave, the player must defeat the leader of the group of monsters, then interact with the miasma source using adeptal energy to purify it.
Adeptus Bridges are golden, ribbon-like structures that the player can walk on to cross over gaps, usually found in the abodes of Adepti. Some can be activated, deactivated, or rotated using nearby activation points.
Amber Rocks are Geo Constructs found at Mt. Hulao. Breaking them open releases a trapped object inside, which may be wildlife, an enemy, or a Common Chest. Ambers regenerate periodically, and their contents are random each time. Once a chest is collected from a particular amber, it will never produce a chest again.
Geoculus Geoculi can be offered at Statues of the Seven in Liyue for rewards.
Geo Lamps can be lit by standing next to one while holding a Geogranum. Lighting all nearby Geo Lamps triggers an effect.
Plaustrite Platforms (unofficial name) are floating platforms which are usually part of a puzzle. Some are static, while others may appear or move in response to some interaction.

