A kitsune of many facets, Yae Miko oversees the Grand Narukami Shrine, owns the Yae Publishing House, and is Eternity's servant and friend.





Miko's Instruction





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Yae Miko


De­scrip­tion
Yae Miko's outfit. A shrine maiden uniform that declares her lofty position as the Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine to all. May the lovely sight of her in that dress remain forever, just as the Sacred Sakura emblazoned upon her pure white skirt, which will never wilt away.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


Miko's Instruction is Yae Miko's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance

1.1 Glowing Ornaments


2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
Miko wears a unique and stylized variation of clothing inspired by the colors of a shrine priestess' traditional outfit, including a sleeveless hakui robe and sandals. She wears a golden head accessory accompanied by matching golden earrings. The right earring contains an Electro Inazuman Vision wrapped in a complex drop-shaped piece and decorated by a small fan-shaped accessory at the bottom. The earrings are attached to her ears by diamond-shaped studs.

Glowing Ornaments[]
While wearing  Miko's Instruction, when Yae Miko's Elemental Burst is ready, the purple gem in her other earring will glow along with her Vision.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Yae Miko 1.mp4      Media:Idle Yae Miko 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Yae Miko.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Yae Miko.mp4      Media:Party Setup Yae Miko.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishMiko's Instruction—Chinese(Simplified)御子之谕Yùzǐ zhī YùMiko's InstructionChinese(Traditional)御子之諭Yùzǐ zhī YùJapanese御子之説諭Miko no SetsuyuMiko's ConvincingKorean미코의 말씀Miko-ui MalsseumMiko's WordsSpanishEnseñanzas clericalesClerical TeachingsFrenchEnseignements cléricauxClerical TeachingsRussianНаставление жрицыNastavleniye zhritsyPriestess' InstructionThaiวาจาสิทธิ์แห่งมิโกะWacha Sit Haeng MikoDivine Words of MikoVietnameseChỉ Dụ Của MikoMiko's EdictGermanMikos AnweisungMiko's InstructionIndonesianMiko's Instruction—PortugueseInstrução de MikoMiko's InstructionTurkishMiko'nun ÖğretileriMiko's TeachingsItalianComando di MikoMiko's Command
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.5[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
The head shrine maiden in charge of Grand Narukami Shrine and a descendant of Kitsune lineage, Eternity's servant and friend, and the intimidating editor-in-chief of Yae Publishing House, a publisher of light novels...—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction
4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Fire-Soothing Festival Committee
4.8 Vision


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 Archon Quests
7.2 Story Quests

7.2.1 Hangout Events


7.3 Events
7.4 Web Events


8 Character Trials

8.1 Quests
8.2 Quest Domains
8.3 Events
8.4 Test Run Events


9 Character Mentions

9.1 Character Stories
9.2 Character Voice-Overs
9.3 Mails


10 Mail
11 Trivia

11.1 Etymology


12 Notes
13 Other Languages

13.1 Character Title: Astute Amusement


14 References
15 Navigation


Personality
Lady Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine also serves as the editor-in-chief of Yae Publishing House. Unimaginable intelligence and cunning are hidden under her beautiful appearance.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Miko has a mysterious demeanor around her whenever she assumes her duties as the Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine. When she assumes her duties as the boss of the Yae Publishing House, she is known to be very kind and enjoys reading books and stories,[2] although she also shows an obsessive side in making profits at the same time. She has an enigmatic air around her, with her friends growing used to it.[3] When speaking with outsiders or close friends, she shows a blunter and more cynical side to her. Miko does not mince words, even towards her friend and master Ei. Being a kitsune, Miko is fond of fried tofu. She despises pickled foods of all sorts.
As a kitsune and youkai, she's very mischievous, including in her roles as Guuji and owner of Yae Publishing House. She couples this mischievous streak with impressive skills of manipulation and reading people. As such her tricks and pranks are usually elaborate, long-winded affairs towards rather simple ends, which she does out of enjoyment and the fact that she enjoys watching people squirm.[4] This has caused many people, such as Thoma and Gorou to become easily terrified upon seeing her. If not partaking in such affairs, she shows interest in those who get her attention.
She is one of Ei's only friends who survived the ravages of time. She tends to call the Shogun by her true name, Ei. Ei herself also calls Miko by her first name, signifying their closeness and friendship.
Despite her light-hearted, mischievous personality, she showed a more emotional side during the Hyakkiyakou, indicating that she does genuinely care for those in her life and has considered thousands of youkai from across Inazuma to be her friends. Though in typical fashion for her, she quickly turns the Traveler and Paimon's sympathy into opportunity to trick them into paying for an expensive dinner.

Appearance
See also: Miko's Instruction
Yae Miko uses the tall female model. She has fair skin, purple eyes, and thigh-length pink hair.
In her regular form, Miko has purple eyes and long, muted pink hair that is tied at the bottom. She also has pink fox ears that point downward. While she lacks a tail in this form,[5] they briefly appear as a set of five translucent tails when she uses Great Secret Art: Tenko Kenshin, or as one tail when she uses Yakan Evocation: Sesshou Sakura or when performing a Plunging Attack.
Being a kitsune, Miko also has a fox form, although she refuses to reveal it to the Traveler.

Official Introduction
The Sympathy of Mischievous Teasing
"I have witnessed the Kitsune's majesty in the moonlit forest. She has a myriad of forms, revealing the unknown and the unseen... just as how fate shines on me and the endless world."—Ei
The Grand Narukami Shrine's head shrine maiden and a descendant of Kitsune lineage, Eternity's servant and friend... and the intimidating editor-in-chief of Yae Publishing House, a publisher of light novels.
There's no need to uncover her every facet, as they are all reflective of Yae Miko. Yet, all the same, they are not revealing of her true nature.
Like fragments of a mirror, each attitude reflects a different version of her. By being enveloped in many identities, she has become a brilliant diamond surrounded by countless mirrors.
There are hundreds of facets: solemn or cheerful, sympathetic or aloof.
No one knows the truth, just as how no one can easily spot a kitsune brushing past passers-by in the mystic woods.
But if the kitsune watches humans, where will her destiny lead?

Character Stories
Character Details
The head shrine maiden of the Grand Narukami Shrine, descendant of Hakushin's lineage, Eternity's servant and friend, and the intimidating editor-in-chief of Yae Publishing House, a publisher of light novels...Come to think of it, Yae Miko's nicknames are as myriad as her changeable moods.The number of people who have tried to "figure her out" for various reasons could fill the streets from the Tenryou Commission estate to Yae Publishing House if you were to line them all up, but to this day, very few indeed have succeeded.Not that Miko has ever intended to conceal anything, of course. Any capriciousness is but the result of doing as she wills and pleases. A riddle with no solution is no riddle at all, in any case!You just need to remember that she will always be none other than the wise and beautiful Yae Miko.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
Yae Publishing House's editors once submitted a certain manuscript to the editor-in-chief.This work was well-written, clearly thought out, and the themes were romance with a side of comedy — a prime slice of the zeitgeist.Such a gem would surely require but a thin coat of polish and a few beautiful illustrations to sell well!But unexpectedly, Yae Miko did not seem pleased with this, instead heaving a deep sigh before calling for the various head editors.One of them asked hesitantly, "Lady Yae, I... Well, I did ask him to write on this topic, yes, but isn't this the hot genre of the day?"Faced with the editor's doubtful gaze, Miko gave her opinion forthrightly: that a book that should have been interesting yet was shackled at every turn by the topic was, simply put, "not free enough."Things like "top sellers," "genre fiction," these were naught but fads that would come and go every decade.Getting with the times was a shortcut, yes, but if a work had the quality that could surmount this tide, why go with the flow nonetheless?"Pass this message to this new author of ours: tell him that there's no need to bother about genre. He just needs to write his story and write it well."Upon hearing this, the author stopped writing for a time, as if suddenly having an epiphany. Several months later, a new manuscript was sent to Miko and her editors.The latter were stunned, and even Yae Miko, who cared little about taboos, furrowed her brows slightly — a rare sight indeed."Um... What do we do? This isn't good...""Exactly! I mean, there's 'not being concerned about genre, and then there's something like 'Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden'... This is just too much!""Hmm? Genre? No, no, there's no problem with that — it's his pen name I'm worried about. It's too normal for a book like this.""Huh, so that was what you were concerned about... No, uh, never mind. As long as you're happy, Lady Yae."Not long after, the author of this book would take to the literary stage with the Yae Miko-approved (and overly long) pen name "Kadenokouji Kenzaburou."As to how the editor-in-chief got the idea to start a "Reborn as Guuji Yae" writing submission event, that would be a tale for another day.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
If there was something inconvenient about being the Guuji, it is that she must attend every shrine ceremony, dressed up to the nines and in her proper place in the sanctuary.The fireworks paint the night skies as they blossom, and the sounds of human merriment fill the shrine, and yet she must sit within, a solemn smile on her face...Such tragedies are even more frightful to Miko than the possible wholesale disappearance of Fried Tofu from Teyvat.With the somewhat longer span of years that the Electro Archon's servants have, a hundred years pass in the blink of an eye. As the years fly by, boredom becomes the greatest foe.And if even she were, archon-forbid, one day to accept sitting quietly still, obstinate as deadwood, would the world now sorely lack for another clever person adept at discovering fun and grasping opportunity?As such, looking for fun things to do in every nook and cranny can only be the most reasonable and necessary course.And if she were to, say, utilize her authority as Guuji in making fun things happen — why, some things are unavoidable, are they not?On the day of the festival, Guuji Yae would nod in satisfaction as she received a delivery of fireworks from the Yashiro Commission — of Naganohara construction and specially-made to boot.That night's ceremony was, of course, performed with perfect respect to all etiquette and rites.The sight of the "Lady Guuji" kneeling gracefully the whole night through would be the object of awe for all the other shrine maidens.In the meantime, she would sit beneath the meteor shower of light adorning the skies, watching the festival-goers as they came and went.And the din of the fireworks covered the mumbling that came between teeth chewing on a candy apple."You know, when you asked me to become Guuji, you never mentioned that I'd only ever be able to sneak outside to watch the festivities from then on."Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
Pursuing fun and finding happiness is how Miko lives her everyday life.For someone who enjoys studying humanity like her, "perspectives" and "virtue" play distant second fiddles to "fun."Even a great shrine maiden of a different faith or an enemy general might pique her interest....That said, this appreciation can sometimes lead to some innocuous trouble.As opposed to those conscientious underlings or worshipful juniors, Miko's favorite person at the shrine is a shrine maiden named Kano Nana.Yes, that Kano Nana, the novel enthusiast (just like Miko) who constantly frets over Sayu.While laying about indoors, Miko would often see Sayu flash past the window, followed not long after by a hurried and angry Kano Nana.Like lightning and thunder they were, which caught Miko's attention, to the point where she would even sometimes give wrong directions just to let the ruckus go on for a little longer.There was another time when Sayu told Miko that the afternoon sun was the most pleasant after the latter had helped her steal some time for napping.Perhaps encouraged by these words, Miko would transform into an ordinary Inazuman lady on a wonderfully sunny afternoon, descend from the mountain and have a day out.The Aisa Bathhouse in the city, Hanamizaka's Kiminami Restaurant, Ogura Textiles and Kimonos by the streetside... she did not miss a single store, and every one was an enjoyable experience.And in the evening, she was at Bantan Sango Detective Agency to tell them of a missing animals case that she had heard about on the way."But you really must help, good detectives. I mean, one can barely stand to watch those owners cry their eyes out as it is..."Having done all this, the lady could not help but let slip a pleased smile.Taking part in Inazuma's daily life in such an identity really was fun.Well, except that part where Kujou Sara shot her a suspicious glance as they passed each other by.Right, and also, she probably owed the boss of Aisa Bathhouse an apology — the outland-styled hot springs were indeed very good, but she might have accidentally shed some fox fur during the soak.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
A long, long time ago, humanity did not need to use the phrase "a long, long time ago" to preface tales about youkai.The tengu dominated the skies, the oni swept across the battlefield, the tanuki were seen along small paths, and the kitsune walked amongst humans.Under the banner of Narukami, the incredible powers of the youkai host were used to help humans through an era of strife and poverty.Seeking refuge in the mountains, they built a city by the sea, and so began Inazuma.Amongst the youkai, the lineage of Hakushin Kitsune was the most revered, and it was this great line that left a great many tales amongst humans.Whenever the youkai gathered to feast and sup together, a little braggadocio about how their latest exploits had become legend anew was very much a given.Of course, considering the amount they would drink, most tales told afterward would diverge a little from the truth. But no one minded, asking only that the tale be interesting. As time passed, this became known as "hyakumonogatari daikai," or "the great meeting of a hundred tales."It was no uncommon sight to see Urakusai raise his cup and speak, holding all the other youkai spellbound with his story, drawing even smiles from Kitsune Saiguu, the organizer of the event.Instead it was Miko, who was then in the form of a young kitsune, who would perch on Kitsune Saiguu's shoulder and relentless peck at any loopholes in Urakusai's story.Urakusai, being a cool-headed and brilliant gentleman, would explain as he twirled his beard.But Miko could always find something new to nitpick, and so they would go, back and forth, until Lady Saiguu would smile and call both parties to a halt: the audience wanted to hear the next part, after all.After another three rounds of drink and several more rounds of stories, the company would be hard-pressed to even string a sentence together, let alone a story.And so the gathered youkai would dispense with the word-fencing and use their powers to take to the skies to see who could best cover the sky and moon with their powers.And thus it was said that "a hundred youkai shall parade upon a moonless night."Five hundred years on, that little kitsune has already become a mighty youkai in her own right.As for the youkai who drank with them in those days, they disappeared amidst war and history, and their remaining bloodlines grow thinner by the day.And thus did their great parade, the Hyakkiyakou, become something that happened "a long, long time ago."Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6
The swords of Inazuma have always been famous the world over, and the best works of the Raiden Gokaden in particular are national treasures.However, only a short time ago, more than half of the five artisan lineages were cut off.A great number of powerful people were caught up in that conspiracy, and those responsible were all called to account and banished.Even the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan was implicated due to their failure in supervising their subordinates...But before the Shogun could give her final judgment, the Lady Guuji, who usually did not meddle in government affairs, suddenly interceded, rescuing the Kamisato Clan in their hour of peril.Thus, while they suffered a serious blow, they were spared from dismissal.In the years that followed, others would speculate greatly concerning the Guuji's actions.Some observed the close relations between the Yashiro Commission and the Grand Narukami Shrine, and guessed that she had intended to foster advocates loyal to her.And yet the shrine had always been an entity unto itself, and the Lady Guuji did not usually meddle in governance. Thus this action seemed a sacrifice greater than the reward — hardly a wise decision.Some others said that the Guuji suspected something to be wrong with the whole situation, and now that the list of those involved was so extensive, any major shakeup in the Yashiro Commission could destabilize Inazuma itself.This thought, too, seemed reasonable on face, yet did not stand up to scrutiny. After all, was not the rise and fall of great houses merely ordinary in the grand scheme of mortal affairs? And even if the Kamisato were to fall from grace, new leadership for the Yashiro Commission would emerge.Yet another story said that Miko engaged in secret talks with the Kamisato clan head just after the initial shockwaves had died down.But the wounded clan was like a candle in the wind at this point. What power could they have to change the situation?To this day, all these speculations have never amounted to anything, nor have any answers emerged concerning Miko's actions and motivations.But what none know is how Miko's words that day would become as engraved into the Kamisato Clan as their house's crest."That the Kamisato Clan has survived this incident is only due to the Shogun's mercy. Do not forget this in the days that follow."These words would serve as a seed of destiny, foreshadowing the Yashiro Commission's future position.In some other time, if a storm were to descend upon Inazuma, and even if they were to come into conflict with the other two commissions, the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan would remember the favor they were shown and abide the Shogun's path to Eternity.This was a move that the Guuji played with no regrets whatsoever.Fire-Soothing Festival Committee Friendship Lv. 4
The Fire-Soothing Festival Committee was once an organization chaired by the Tenryou Commission and managed by the Grand Narukami Shrine, whose remit was to pray for a lack of any fires in the coming year.In those days, Inazuman houses were mostly made of wood, and any carelessness while handling fire could lead to disaster.Thus, the Tenryou Commission was charged by the Shogun with setting up fire brigades to conduct rescues and damage control when fires did break out, and they also requested that the Grand Narukami Shrine set the Fire-Soothing Festival Committee up to comfort the frightened people.In later years, anti-fire precautions would become second nature and serious cases would no longer occur often, but still the annual festival would remain.The shrine maidens would dance elegantly, and the people would give generously... with the proceeds split forty-sixty between the Commission and the Shrine.When Yae Miko was faced with financial issues while attempting to start Yae Publishing House, she considered the various services that the shrine ran at the time before locking onto this ancient traditional committee."I mean, the busywork is solely done by the Grand Narukami Shrine, so why do we have to split the proceeds with the Tenryou Commission?""What's more, all that Mora's just going into Kujou Senior's pockets. It's not like the fire brigade has ever gotten a year-end bonus or anything."As such, after some preparation, the Fire-Soothing Festival of that year would be changed to no longer feature dancing shrine maidens but a grand, rollicking light novel submission contest.The organizing body for this competition and any subsequent publications, the "Yae Publishing House," would also "borrow" the Fire-Soothing Festival Committee's budget.As for the profits? Into the shrine's coffers they went."Well, we no longer have many fires, and yet our budget keeps increasing. Thus, this restructuring relieves the financial burden placed upon the people.""Also, the study of lore and the writing of literature and poetry is also a way of pleasing our Archon — surely you do not claim to know more of ritual and ceremony than I?"That was what Yae Miko said most solemnly to Kujou Takayuki when he came by unannounced.The Tenryou Commissioner was ultimately forced to leave the way he came, stormy-faced, along with his attendants.Little did any of them know that the moment they stepped out of the shrine, the somber Lady Miko would pluck a novel manuscript from the nearby offering box and continue annotating it.Vision Friendship Lv. 6
"That was a contest of magic for the ages! The foe split the seas as they strode across the skies, heaven and earth changing hue as they approached!""Gohei in hand, the Lady Guuji was solemn as she strode up Mt. Yougou.""All around her the shrine maidens chanted their mantras as the clouds masked the sun, the thunder waiting within for the moment to strike!""...""The battle was a grinding, protracted affair. In time, even the Guuji began to falter, and the enemy seized that opening, lashing out with great force!""Just then, a bolt of lightning descended like a falling star before the Guuji — a glimmering Vision!""Grasping it in her hand, the revivified Guuji showed forth her power and...""Now wait just a minute! None of what you just said happened, right?""Hmm? Well, how about this then? It all started the day when I had a most vicious "Ramen Duel" down in Hanamizaka..."Oh, come on! Nobody's ever gotten a Vision from eating ramen!""But wouldn't that be interesting? I mean, these are the sorts of stories you like to hear, right?"Yae Miko gave a thin, enigmatic smile as she was faced with the traveler's curiosity."After all, would you believe me if I said that 'my Vision is purely ornamental, just for show,' little one? Hardly — not even if it were the truth."
Namecard


Yae Miko: Kitsune Dreaming




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with Yae MikoDescription:Where can Yae Miko's fox form be found? In your dreams, that's where.

Constellation
Divina VulpesStory Chapter:Divina VulpesMeaning:Divine Fox 
Quests and Events
Archon QuestsChapter IIAct I: The Immovable God and the Eternal EuthymiaA Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken BladesAct III: Omnipresence Over MortalsThe Servant's PathProof of GuiltBlind Loyalty, Reckless CourageThe Omnipresent GodWishesStory QuestsDivina Vulpes Chapter (Yae Miko)Act I: The Great Narukami OfferingMysterious Urban LegendFriendship in WritingA Centuries-Long DreamBanquet of PartingImperatrix Umbrosa Chapter (Raiden Shogun)Act I: Reflections of MortalityThe Lonesome EuthymiaTo Hear Mortal HeartsAct II: Transient DreamsRadiant SakuraHangout EventsGorouAct I: The Canine General's Special OperationsAccidental EncounterWhat Shall We Do?Kuki ShinobuAct I: The Gang's Daily DeedsShrine Maiden for a DayTo the ShrineEventsHues of the Violet GardenFestival DeedsPart I: A Story for YouPart IV: Pen Pals, Book Reviews, and the Super Lucky GeneralTrue Tales of the Violet GardenAct I: The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy TinctureFestive EleganceAct III: A New Painting in Pale ScarletA New Painting in Pale ScarletAct IV: The Palace, Dyed in BlackThe Five Colors' True FormFabulous Fungus FrenzyAct I: The Most Fantastic Tournament You've Never Heard Of?Act II: Nilotpala Cup: Debut MatchAct III: Dual Missions: Progress and Probe!Act IV: Unfathomable DefensesAct V: The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!Act VI: Farewell, My Shroom BuddiesAkitsu KimodameshiPart III: The Currents of LifeDuel! The Summoners' Summit!Round 3: Cards Out! Grievances BegoneIridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of AwesomenessGlorious Finale: ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!Web EventsKitsune's Leisurely Stroll Around HanamizakaTaking Pictures and Recounting Good TimesCanvas of Starlight MemoriesDiscover Teyvat
Character Trials
QuestsA Centuries-Long Dream in Yae Miko's Story Quest, Divina Vulpes Chapter: Act I - The Great Narukami OfferingQuest DomainsSecret Summoning Chamber — A Centuries-Long Dream in Yae Miko's Story Quest, Divina Vulpes Chapter: Act I - The Great Narukami OfferingEventsVibro-Crystal ResearchPerilous TrailAdventurer's TrialsMisty Dungeon: Realm of SandBrewing DevelopmentsMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterTriumphant FrenzyThe Great Fayz Reaction DebateTest Run EventsYae Miko, Fischl, Diona, Thoma — 2022-02-16Yae Miko, Tartaglia, Layla, Thoma, Shikanoin Heizou — 2022-11-18Yoimiya, Yae Miko, Kirara, Yun Jin, Chongyun — 2023-05-24Xiao, Yae Miko, Yaoyao, Xinyan, Ningguang — 2024-02-20
Character Mentions
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesArataki IttoCharacter Story 4GorouCharacter Story 4Character Story 5Kamisato AyatoCharacter Story 3Character Story 4Character Story 5KiraraCharacter Story 2Raiden ShogunGnosisSayuCharacter Story 4WandererCharacter Story 2YaoyaoCharacter Story 3Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversArataki IttoAbout the Lady with Fox Ears Media:VO_Arataki Itto About the Lady with Fox Ears.ogg Media:VO ZH_Arataki Itto About the Lady with Fox Ears.ogg Media:VO JA_Arataki Itto About the Lady with Fox Ears.ogg Media:VO KO_Arataki Itto About the Lady with Fox Ears.ogg I crushed that Kitsune Ramen eating contest we had. Even all that Fried Tofu couldn't stand in my way — she didn't come close to beating me! ... I was, uh, bedridden for more than a month after that, but you know what? I'd rather lie in bed a winner than walk away a loser! So... Anyway, I had the last laugh, 'cause she had to foot the bill for 32 bowls of noodles! Haha!GorouAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Gorou About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Gorou About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Gorou About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Gorou About Yae Miko.ogg Oh, her... I'd prefer not to talk about her. Can we change the topic? Or, if there are any tasks I can take off your hand, I'll gladly oblige! Anything at all? ...Ahem, let's just say it'd be best for my general well-being if we can we avoid talking about her...Kamisato AyakaAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Kamisato Ayaka About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kamisato Ayaka About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Kamisato Ayaka About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Kamisato Ayaka About Yae Miko.ogg I have always greatly enjoyed working with Guuji Yae. Organizing festival affairs generally takes a lot of effort and doesn't generate much income, but Guuji Yae's events always come off both elegant and profitable.Kamisato AyatoAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Kamisato Ayato About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kamisato Ayato About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Kamisato Ayato About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Kamisato Ayato About Yae Miko.ogg Lady Guuji has been kind to us in the Kamisato Clan, but she has never quite taken to me personally. I trust you'll have heard the way she refers to me... "the Yashiro rascal" and other such flattering monikers. We run into each other semi-regularly, given the overlap in our work, and despite whatever private thoughts we each may have, our working relationship is quite a harmonious one. I have no great objection to this state of affairs — working with intelligent people always makes things highly efficient. In any case... However objectionable she might find me, she would be forced to admit that without me, she would have no one to help execute her weird and wonderful ideas.KiraraAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Kirara About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kirara About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Kirara About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Kirara About Yae Miko.ogg Lady Miko is a widely renowned kitsune youkai in Inazuma, so it's natural for young youkai like myself to approach her with reverence. But contrary to my expectations, she was surprisingly amiable. She even came to visit me in person and taught me lots of useful stuff about how to survive in human society! Things like proper human etiquette, ways to approach people, and different fried tofu recipes... Huh? That last one was just for her?Kujou SaraAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Kujou Sara About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara About Yae Miko.ogg Guuji Yae's actions often leave me with many questions... Nevertheless, the fact that she is the head shrine maiden of the Grand Narukami Shrine clearly shows the level of trust and approval that the Shogun places in her, and for this reason I also greatly respect her. But... if there ever comes a day when she disobeys the Shogun's will, then please accept my apologies in advance.Kuki ShinobuAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Kuki Shinobu About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kuki Shinobu About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Kuki Shinobu About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Kuki Shinobu About Yae Miko.ogg You can't imagine how boring it is to be a shrine maiden. Even Lady Guuji from the Grand Narukami Shrine has her publishing gig to break up the monotony. I will never go back to being a shrine maiden. Never.Raiden EiAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Raiden Ei About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Raiden Ei About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Raiden Ei About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Raiden Ei About Yae Miko.ogg Ah, that girl... She used to be the kind of person who could easily be swayed with some Fried Tofu. It's a relief to see how shrewd and resourceful she's now become. Still, I have to admit that I was a little upset to become the target of her scheming myself. I know it was for my own good, but I'm afraid she will mock me next time we meet... Perhaps I should take the initiative and strike her first? Hmm, she'll dodge it anyway.Sangonomiya KokomiAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Yae Miko.ogg I have also heard of Guuji Yae's great deeds. In all fairness, I hold her to be an outstanding shrine maiden, and she has performed her duties marvelously. I even heard that she holds responsibility where Yae Publishing House's light novels are concerned. An enigmatic individual to say the least...SayuAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Sayu About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sayu About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Sayu About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Sayu About Yae Miko.ogg She's always patting me on the head... I've never bitten her, though, or even said anything, because I'm frightened of how she'd react if I stood up to her. But what am I gonna do? Because if she keeps on patting my head, I'm gonna get stuck at this height forever!Shikanoin HeizouAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Shikanoin Heizou About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shikanoin Heizou About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Shikanoin Heizou About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Shikanoin Heizou About Yae Miko.ogg Come to think of it, Lady Guuji's publishing house also publishes murder mysteries, right? So... when can you introduce me? In this day and age, becoming a famous detective requires more than just ability — you need publicity, too. Huh? C'mon, I'm being serious here!ThomaAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Thoma About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Thoma About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Thoma About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Thoma About Yae Miko.ogg Lady Miko? Wh—What about her? *sigh* Every time Miss Kamisato sends me out to deliver messages, my least-favorite destination is the Grand Narukami Shrine... Oh! N—Not because Lady Miko scares the bejeebers out of me, it's, uh... respect. Yes! She strikes respect deep into my heart, ahahahaha...TravelerAbout Shrine Maidens Media:VO_Aether_About Shrine Maidens.ogg Media:VO ZH_Aether_About Shrine Maidens.ogg Media:VO JA_Aether_About Shrine Maidens.ogg Media:VO KO_Aether_About Shrine Maidens.ogg Media:VO_Lumine_About Shrine Maidens.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lumine_About Shrine Maidens.ogg Media:VO JA_Lumine_About Shrine Maidens.ogg Media:VO KO_Lumine_About Shrine Maidens.ogg Paimon: The clothes that shrine maidens wear are quite unique.(Traveler): I heard that after the Sakoku Decree is lifted, Yae Miko plans to run a rental service where people can try on shrine maiden outfits as a tourist attraction in various places. Combined with the latest Kamera technology from Fontaine, it seems like a real Mora maker.Paimon: Oh!(Traveler): The shrine maidens in the Grand Shrine even asked me if I knew any pretty girls who are willing to become models. All they need to do is to dress up in a shrine maiden outfit and smile to the Kamera. They even asked me to be a model and said all I needed was some makeup.[Note 1]Paimon: What!?(Traveler): I immediately shared this idea with Rosaria. I feel like they can do something similar at the Church of Favonius with the garments they wear.Paimon: Wait, Paimon doesn't think that a...(Traveler): Sadly, Rosaria found the idea of it too troublesome.Paimon: Maybe it's for the better...(Actual voice-over for Lumine)(Traveler): The shrine maidens in the Grand Shrine even asked me if I was interested in becoming a model! All I need to do is wear a shrine maiden outfit and smile to the Kamera. They also asked me if I knew any other cute girls.WandererAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Wanderer About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Wanderer About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Wanderer About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Wanderer About Yae Miko.ogg A smooth-talking youkai. Though she pretends to care about humans to gain the favor of her god, all she seeks are entertaining ways to pass her time.YoimiyaAbout Yae Miko Media:VO_Yoimiya About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yoimiya About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Yoimiya About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Yoimiya About Yae Miko.ogg Ayaka once asked me during a ritual at the shrine if I could prepare some fireworks for the Lady Guuji's leisure. I thought to myself, "isn't the Lady Guuji supposed to sit inside the shrine throughout the ritual?" So I watched her the whole time during the ritual, wondering how she'd like to release fireworks. I waited, and I waited, and then Ayaka came over at length to tell me that the Lady Guuji was most pleased. I mean, what? She'd already released the fireworks? Was the person sitting inside the shrine not her, then?MailsSenderMailsEiMoving Forward... (Raiden Shogun's Birthday Mail)SayuFishing's So Hard (Birthday Mail)Have I... Grown Taller? (Birthday Mail)
Mail
Hehehe... (2022-06-26)What a Coincidence... (2022-06-27)Pleasure... (2023-06-27)Interesting... (2024-06-27)
Trivia
Yae Miko is one of the characters with ornaments that glow. While wearing her default outfit, Miko's Instruction, when Yae Miko's Elemental Burst is ready, the purple gem in her other earring will glow along with her Vision.
In the Genshin Impact 2020 New Years tweet, Miko welcomed Kamisato Ayaka to her shrine as the first guest of the year.
While the Chinese, Japanese, and French official introductions for Zhongli featured a quote from Raiden Ei to Yae Miko, the English equivalent tweet left Miko's name out.[6]
Miko is younger than Ganyu. In her debut in the Chinese version of the Version 1.5 Special Program, she refers to Ganyu as 甘雨姐姐 Gānyǔ-jiějie,[7] wherein 姐姐 jiějie is a term used that literally means "older sister" but is generally used for any older female, even if they are not blood-related.
Based on New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune (V), Miko was a young girl 500 years ago, which is when the cataclysm occurred and the Kitsune Saiguu died. In contrast, Ganyu participated in the Archon War over 2,000 years ago[8] and is also suggested to have lived in the Guili Assembly,[9] which fell 3,700 years ago.
Miko is a kitsune from the Hakushin Clan and possesses a fox form. In Japanese mythology, kitsune are spiritual fox-like creatures with a reputation for cleverness. Befitting Miko's close ties with the Raiden Shogun, the God of Eternity, mythological kitsune are believed to live for thousands of years and symbolize eternity.
While Miko calls herself a Sky Kitsune, or Tenko, based on her age and number of tails she has (five), Miko would only be the rank of Kiko in kitsune society with Ashireiko being the lowest and Tenko being the highest according to Japanese folklore.
Yae Miko is inspired by Yae Sakura from Honkai Impact 3rd, another game developed by HoYoverse, and shares a number of similarities with her:
They share physical characteristics, such as having long pink hair, purple eyes, and fox ears.
The two share the surname Yae (八重).
Both are miko associated with foxes.
Yae Sakura is of Japanese origin, while Inazuma is Japanese-themed.
They are both voiced by Du Mingya in Chinese and Ayane Sakura in Japanese.
While performing her normal uncharged attacks, Miko does not use her equipped Catalyst, instead using her gohei staff.
Yae Miko may have studied under the onmyouji Kamuna Harunosuke (who was closely acquainted with the Kitsune Saiguu), the inventor of Onmyoudou; the Chinese and Japanese names of her Normal Attack contain the term shiki ("law," "ceremony," or "formula"), which can mean shikigami (Onmyoudou familiars) in the context of mystic arts.
Ei learned how to transfer her consciousness into inanimate objects from Yae Miko, implying that she herself also has this ability.[10]
Yae Miko is known by these aliases or titles:
Guuji Yae
Lady Yae
Lady Guuji
Chief Editor[11]
Fox Lady (by Akira and Mamoru)
Fried Tofu with All the Frills (pen name in correspondences with Sangonomiya Kokomi, and name as a competitor during Fabulous Fungus Frenzy)
During The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival, Yae Miko signs a message with the name "Ramen Buddy."
Yae Miko is mentioned in the descriptions of the following 3 Furnishings: Festival Booth - "Literary Talent" Sky Kitsune Statue: Hakushin's Legacy Yumemiru "Kuukai" Street Lamp
Etymology
Yae (八重) literally means "eightfold," but can also be interpreted as "multilayered" or "doubled."[12]
Miko (神子 lit. "God Child") is an archaic form of miko, or shrine maidens (巫女 lit. "shaman woman").
As the current chief priest of Inazuma, Yae Miko's mystic arts are based on various Japanese spellcraft and religious traditions. See each article for details.
Spiritfox Sin-Eater perhaps refers to the shikigami (familiars) of Onmyoudou (yin'yang-based divination, astrology, and astronomy).
Yakan Evocation: Sesshou Sakura refers to the mantras of 役 en/eki, which may mean En no Gyouja (7th century), the founder of the syncretic religion Shugendou, or the eki (spellbinding) magic of that religion.
Great Secret Art: Tenko Kenshin refers to the mantras of Vajrayana ("Thunderbolt Vehicle"), an esoteric tradition of Buddhism.
The Shrine's Sacred Shade refers to himorogi, or a sacred altar in Shinto.
Enlightened Blessing refers to norito, or liturgical texts or incantations in Shinto.
Yakan Offering may or may not refer to Caodong/Soutou Zen schools, one of whose temples, Toyokawa Inari, is a major center of worship for Dakini (identified with Inari in Shinto, who is known for divine fox spirits).
Mischievous Teasing may refer to a face of Eleven-Faced Avalokiteśvara, a notable higher being in Buddhism, who is sometimes associated with Inari and Dakini.
Forbidden Art: Daisesshou refers to Jugon, an ancient Taoist-inspired magic school that employed forbidden arts such as kodoku (cursing poisons).
Likewise, her lore makes several references to Japanese legends and literary works about fox spirits.
Meditations of a Yako refers to a Zen Buddhist idiom yako-zen and/or a tale of the legendary kitsune Hakuzousu.
Fox's Mooncall may refer to Konkai, a play of kyougen (comic theater) that features Hakuzousu.
The Seven Glamours may refer to a play of bunraku (puppet theater) that features the nine-tail fox Tamamo-no-Mae.
Notes

↑ The audio differs for this line when playing as Lumine, but this is not reflected in the transcript.


Other Languages
Character Title: Astute Amusement

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishAstute Amusement—Chinese(Simplified)浮世笑百姿Fúshì Xiào BǎizīChinese(Traditional)浮世笑百姿Fúshì Xiào BǎizīJapanese浮世笑百姿Ukiyo Warai Hyakushi‍[!][!]Assumed readingA Hundred Figures Laughing at the Fleeting World‍[※][※]Reading of Chinese nameKorean속세를 비웃는 백 가지 자태Soksereul Biunneun Baek Gaji JataeA Hundred Figures Mocking the Mundane WorldSpanishLa Kitsune TaimadaThe Sly KitsuneFrenchFrivolité ingénieuseIngenious FrivolityRussianОзорное лукавствоOzornoye lukavstvoMischievous SlynessThaiยิ้มเล่ห์กลยลโลกาVietnameseTiếu Ngạo Thế GianWorldly ArroganceGermanVerhöhnung der SterblichenMockery of MortalsIndonesianAstute Amusement—PortugueseDiversão AstutaAstute AmusementTurkishAkıl EğlencesiItalianDivertimento astutoAstute Amusement
References

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Yae Miko

↑ NPC Dialogue: Kano Nana

↑ Raiden Shogun's Voice-Over: About Yae Miko

↑ Yae Miko's Voice-Over: Miko's Hobbies

↑ Hangout Event, Gorou, Act  I - The Canine General's Special Operations: What Shall We Do?

↑ Twitter: Zhongli's JP introduction

↑ Bilibili: Version 1.5 Special Program (Chinese)

↑ Ganyu's Character Story: Vision

↑ Ganyu's Character Story: Character Story 3

↑ Archon Quest, Chapter II, Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals, Part 8: The Omnipresent God

↑ YouTube: Character Demo - "Yae Miko: Anecdote of a Divine Kitsune Guuji"

↑ Weblio: 八重


Navigation
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story
2 Combat
3 Notes
4 Navigation


Story

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Yae Miko Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Hello.ogg I am the Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine. The purpose of my visit is to monitor your every move, for such is the order of the shrine... Oh, come on, don't be so nervous. It's only officialese, for goodness' sake. I couldn't just go gallivanting around for no reason at all, could I? Now, come on, do something amusing for me.
Chat: Creative WritingChat: Creative WritingMedia:VO_Yae Miko Chat - Creative Writing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Chat_-_Creative_Writing.ogg Traveling to other worlds is all that anyone seems be  [sic] writing about these days. Huh, goodness knows what they find so disappointing about their own world.
Chat: StoriesChat: StoriesMedia:VO_Yae Miko Chat - Stories.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Chat_-_Stories.ogg Most humans could have the entirety of their fleeting lives chronicled in but a few short lines... Their stories really make for terribly dull reading.
Chat: Mortal WorldChat: Mortal WorldMedia:VO_Yae Miko Chat - Mortal World.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Chat_-_Mortal_World.ogg Personally, I think the idea of things staying the same forever is quite beautiful. *sigh* But alas, that is simply not the way the world works.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Yae Miko When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_When_It_Rains.ogg If this rain keeps up, my fur will be dripping wet...
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Yae Miko When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Many people dread the sound of thunder... To me, it sounds fondly familiar.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Yae Miko When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_When_It_Snows.ogg I always see these non-sentient kitsune pouncing headfirst into the snow, scavenging for food... Hmm? You'd like to see me do that? Hah! I'm sure you would.
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Yae Miko Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Good_Morning.ogg Morning. You look awfully drowsy, didn't you sleep well? Tsk-tsk, come on then, what is it? What mischief were you up to last night, hmm?
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Yae Miko Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Good_Afternoon.ogg Hmm... ugh, what a headache. What should I have for lunch? Not Fried Tofu again, I'm in the mood for something a little lighter today. Ah — I know. I haven't seen the Yashiro Commission girl in a while. Let's get her to make us a little something.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Yae Miko Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Good_Evening.ogg The moon is simply magnificent tonight. We mustn't squander it. Come, join me for a moonlight stroll — I won't take no for an answer.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Yae Miko Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Good_Night.ogg I suppose I should get some sleep. Hmm, I must say, I do find it hard to doze off peacefully without the soothing sound of thunder booming in the background.
About Yae Miko: EternityAbout Yae Miko: EternityMedia:VO_Yae Miko About Yae Miko - Eternity.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Yae_Miko_-_Eternity.ogg Eternity means never having to let go of what you already have. But on the other hand, it also means giving up on all other possibilities. That's just the way of the world... No one can have everything.
About Yae Miko: InterestsAbout Yae Miko: InterestsMedia:VO_Yae Miko About Yae Miko - Interests.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Yae_Miko_-_Interests.ogg Humans are just fascinating creatures, that's why I'm so fond of them. They live such short lives, but for the time they're around, they shine as bright as the midday sun. There are some whose light never grows dim, even over great stretches of time... These are the lives that make for real page-turners.
About Us: AuthorshipAbout Us: AuthorshipMedia:VO_Yae Miko About Us - Authorship.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Us_-_Authorship.ogg Boring. Utterly boring... Ugh, what could have possibly persuaded these people to become authors? Say, why don't you write out your story and submit it to Yae Publishing House? I'm sure that would keep me amused— Ahem, I'm sure it would be a best-seller.
About Us: Erosion Friendship Lv. 6 Omnipresence Over MortalsAbout Us: Erosion Friendship Lv. 6 Omnipresence Over MortalsMedia:VO_Yae Miko About Us - Erosion.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Us_-_Erosion.ogg Sealing yourself away from the rest of the world may only serve to accelerate the effects of erosion... Imagine, a world consisting of you and you alone, with no one else to reflect you back at yourself... how awful that would be. Whenever we are together, it is vital that we always shine a light for each other, okay? It's rather difficult to remain enlightened in the dark.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Yae Miko About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_the_Vision.ogg You're saying... you like how I wear my Vision? You certainly have an eye for a priceless treasure. Well then, I bet you'd like to pet it.
Something to Share Friendship Lv. 4Something to Share Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Yae Miko Something to Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Something_to_Share.ogg Heat oil on a medium-high flame in a pot. Add the tofu and reduce the heat to a low flame. Cook until golden-brown, take it out, then serve piping hot. There you have it, Fried Tofu. There is nothing more delicious in this world. Well, I've told you how to make it, have I not? Why are you still standing there?
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Yae Miko Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Interesting_Things.ogg Though I occasionally get a little weary of the sight of it — I can't exactly avoid seeing it at the Grand Narukami Shrine, after all — my fate is intimately intertwined with the Sacred Sakura.
About the Raiden Shogun Friendship Lv. 4 Omnipresence Over MortalsAbout the Raiden Shogun Friendship Lv. 4 Omnipresence Over MortalsMedia:VO_Yae Miko About the Raiden Shogun.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_the_Raiden_Shogun.ogg Locking herself away in the Plane of Euthymia when she clearly wants to be out — it's just willful self-torture, really... On the other hand, it's also rather stubborn-but-cute, don't you think?
About Kamisato Ayato Friendship Lv. 4About Kamisato Ayato Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Yae Miko About Kamisato Ayato.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Kamisato_Ayato.ogg The Yashiro rascal... he's always been an unpredictable one, even as a child. Don't be taken in by his warm smile. There's no knowing what devious scheme might be brewing inside his head — it's really quite maddening... What do you mean, "sly as a fox"? Hmph, if you're trying to insinuate that he and I are anything alike, you are sorely mistaken.
About Kamisato Ayaka Friendship Lv. 4 The Immovable God and the Eternal EuthymiaAbout Kamisato Ayaka Friendship Lv. 4 The Immovable God and the Eternal EuthymiaMedia:VO_Yae Miko About Kamisato Ayaka.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Kamisato_Ayaka.ogg I'm very fond indeed of the Yashiro Commission girl. She adroitly handles every matter that comes before her. Unfortunately, it's often thankless work. Pity. Were she not a member of the Kamisato Clan, I would have long since snatched her up for the Yae Publishing House.
About Kujou Sara Friendship Lv. 4About Kujou Sara Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Yae Miko About Kujou Sara.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Kujou_Sara.ogg Not the sharpest tengu in the forest — she certainly didn't inherit the brilliant mind of daddy tengu, that's for sure. *sigh* How shall I put this? I suppose being blunt and dispensing with tact has its own advantages... But I do hope that the next time she visits the shrine, she keeps to herself. I've got better things to do than answer her incessant questions about Ei.
About Yoimiya Friendship Lv. 4 The Immovable God and the Eternal EuthymiaAbout Yoimiya Friendship Lv. 4 The Immovable God and the Eternal EuthymiaMedia:VO_Yae Miko About Yoimiya.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Yoimiya.ogg Naganohara fireworks are well worth the wait every year. Word is that she caused quite an uproar among the Tenryou Commission recently by setting off fireworks all over the place. Heh, I'm sure the members of the Kujou Clan must've turned purple with rage... A pity that I couldn't be there to see it for myself.
About Ganyu Friendship Lv. 4About Ganyu Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Yae Miko About Ganyu.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Ganyu.ogg Hmm, now that you mention it, it's been a while since I last saw Ganyu. Before the Sakoku Decree came into effect, the two of us would often meet to discuss bilateral relations between our two nations. I always found her quite reliable. The next time you go to Liyue, take her some more fresh Sea Ganoderma for me.
About Sangonomiya Kokomi Friendship Lv. 4 Omnipresence Over MortalsAbout Sangonomiya Kokomi Friendship Lv. 4 Omnipresence Over MortalsMedia:VO_Yae Miko About Sangonomiya Kokomi.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Sangonomiya_Kokomi.ogg These Divine Priestesses seem to be getting cuter every generation. I wonder how she looks performing the Dance of Divine Peace... Perhaps even little schools of fish swish around her while she spins. If she's ever looking for a more experienced head shrine maiden to learn from, I'd be quite happy to share a few tips with her... Hehe, as long as she asked me nicely, of course.
About Kunikuzushi Friendship Lv. 4 Omnipresence Over Mortals Not Available after The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's CallAbout Kunikuzushi Friendship Lv. 4 Omnipresence Over Mortals Not Available after The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's CallMedia:VO_Yae Miko About Kunikuzushi.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Kunikuzushi.ogg I thought it was a disaster waiting to happen at the time, but she insisted that she wasn't going to lift a finger against the object of her own creation. Had I known how things would unfold, I would have simply disposed of it without her knowing. Hmm? What about now? Hehe... Well, we're no longer waiting for the disaster to happen, are we?
About Arataki Itto Friendship Lv. 4About Arataki Itto Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Yae Miko About Arataki Itto.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Arataki_Itto.ogg Ah, the oddball oni. Heh, I hear that he's been quite a pain for the Kujou Clan. The Tenryou Commission wanted to remove his messages on the bulletin board, claiming that they were "harmful to public order." I made quite sure they stayed put, haha. He's an entertaining character... you don't often see oni like him in this day and age.
About Gorou Friendship Lv. 4About Gorou Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Yae Miko About Gorou.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Gorou.ogg He certainly has a beautiful tail. Although... mine's a little softer.
About Sayu Friendship Lv. 4About Sayu Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Yae Miko About Sayu.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Sayu.ogg Ah yes, the little ninja child... If there's one thing she can do, it's stay hidden. Kano Nana constantly complains to me about it. Apparently, she now spends so much of her time searching for Sayu that she barely has any time to read anymore. If you ask me, I'd say that Sayu has a secret ally who is helping her hide all the time...
About Kuki Shinobu Friendship Lv. 4About Kuki Shinobu Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Yae Miko About Kuki Shinobu.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Kuki_Shinobu.ogg I've heard a lot about Miyuki's little sister. Quite the character, I'm told. Although she comes from a family of shrine maidens, she's gone her own way in life — tried her hand at many different trades, studied abroad in Liyue, even ended up joining the Arataki Gang... Fascinating girl. Maybe I should have Miyuki introduce me. Yes, that'll work — Miyuki wouldn't dream of refusing my request.
About Kirara Friendship Lv. 4About Kirara Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Yae Miko About Kirara.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_About_Kirara.ogg More youkai have expressed an interest in the human world lately. I wonder if that's a good thing or not. You want to know what I think? Hehe, I would tell them to live for the moment. Besides, how could I ever dislike a little youkai who would willingly take us out to dinner and pay for the meal?
More About Yae Miko: IMore About Yae Miko: IMedia:VO_Yae Miko More About Yae Miko - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_More_About_Yae_Miko_-_01.ogg Oh? You'd like to know more about me? I'm willing to tell, but what will I gain in exchange, hmm? It has to be a fair trade. So you tell me all about you, and I'll tell you all about me. Deal?
More About Yae Miko: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Yae Miko: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Yae Miko More About Yae Miko - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_More_About_Yae_Miko_-_02.ogg Kitsune Saiguu said that she was going off on a long trip, and she's never been back since. *sigh* At the time, I wasn't the least bit inclined to take on the burden of managing the Grand Narukami Shrine. So she told me that as Guuji, I would be able to eat all the Fried Tofu I desired. As if that would be a convincing reason... That woman spoke so much nonsense, honestly, she could be so insufferable...
More About Yae Miko: III Friendship Lv. 4 Omnipresence Over MortalsMore About Yae Miko: III Friendship Lv. 4 Omnipresence Over MortalsMedia:VO_Yae Miko More About Yae Miko - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_More_About_Yae_Miko_-_03.ogg I decided to found Yae Publishing House simply because I wished to read more interesting light novels, that's all. But, it turns out that seeing frazzled authors scraping the bottom of their barrel in a desperate attempt to get their novels finished is where the real amusement comes from. You wouldn't believe some of the excuses they come up with when they're trying to get a deadline extension. Oh, so much more creative than the novels themselves.
More About Yae Miko: IV Friendship Lv. 5 Omnipresence Over MortalsMore About Yae Miko: IV Friendship Lv. 5 Omnipresence Over MortalsMedia:VO_Yae Miko More About Yae Miko - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_More_About_Yae_Miko_-_04.ogg Even supernatural beings eventually pass away, including gods. It's a terrible shame when their tales are lost to time along with them, never to be remembered again. The problem is, only those with first-class writing and composition skills are qualified to commit these stories to paper. If there is no qualified writing talent in the world, we must cultivate it... Yes, home-grown writers are what we need, capable of adequately capturing these stories with the written word.
More About Yae Miko: V Friendship Lv. 6 Omnipresence Over MortalsMore About Yae Miko: V Friendship Lv. 6 Omnipresence Over MortalsMedia:VO_Yae Miko More About Yae Miko - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_More_About_Yae_Miko_-_05.ogg Though I'm an avid reader of novels written by others, I've yet to pick up the pen myself. Writing a novel is quite an undertaking, after all. But, if there comes a day when you reach the end of your adventure and want somebody to record it — and if I happen to have the time when that day comes... We'll see.
Yae Miko's HobbiesYae Miko's HobbiesMedia:VO_Yae Miko Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Hobbies.ogg My favorite pastime is reading other people's stories. My second favorite is watching other people squirm... If I could find a way to combine the two, haha... Oh, that would be entertainment in its purest form.
Yae Miko's Troubles Omnipresence Over MortalsYae Miko's Troubles Omnipresence Over MortalsMedia:VO_Yae Miko Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Troubles.ogg Peace and tranquility seems to be all the rage nowadays, but it gets dreadfully boring after a while...
Favorite Food Omnipresence Over MortalsFavorite Food Omnipresence Over MortalsMedia:VO_Yae Miko Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Favorite_Food.ogg Have you ever heard of a dish called "Kitsune Udon"? It's quite simple, really... Just Fried Tofu served on top of Udon noodles. What do you think? Noodles and Fried Tofu, that's all. Doesn't it sound heavenly?
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Yae Miko Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg Anything that has been pickled is firmly off-limits for me... I don't care whether it's Medaka or Kiviak, what sort of person can stand that vile stench? I, for one, am Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine, and I refuse to defile myself by ingesting such pungent things.
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO Yae Miko Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg My, my! You really know what appeals to my tastes, don't you.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO Yae Miko Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg Since you've made it yourself, I guess having a little taste is the least I can do, haha...
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO Yae Miko Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg How should I put this... There's so much room for improvement that the only way is up.
Birth DateBirth DateMedia:VO_Yae Miko Birth Date.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Birth_Date.ogg Ah, so today is your birthday... "On your ceremonious reckoning of years, I task my kin with seeing to it that that which you seek, you shall surely find, and that that for which your heart longs, you shall surely receive. Remain pure of heart and true of spirit, and their protection shall be bestowed on you." There you go. May all go well in your year ahead, and may all your wishes be fulfilled. Are we done?
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Yae Miko Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg When training to become a shrine maiden, the title of "Chokkai" is granted once one has completed their requisite studies and can correctly chant for ceremonies. This might be very straightforward for humans, but it's the most difficult step for the kitsune... We are only foxes, after all.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Yae Miko Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg The training required to become a Guuji's Assistant, or "Seikai," is arduous indeed. You must observe a myriad of harsh restrictions... There is only one way to make it through: snack at night, and make sure you don't get caught.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Yae Miko Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg Attaining the rank of "Meikai" requires one to decipher the workings of the world, transcend its limitations, and fathom all phenomena within. Usually, any who reach this level are granted a Vision and a lifespan far beyond that of the average kitsune.
Feelings about Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6 Omnipresence Over MortalsFeelings about Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6 Omnipresence Over MortalsMedia:VO_Yae Miko Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg Throughout history, only the Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine has ever held the rank of "Joukai." It is an honorary title, not related to the capabilities of the holder. But of course, if I were to declare myself the most powerful Joukai in history, I don't see why there'd be anything wrong with that.
Combat
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Yae Miko Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg (Dashing Forwards) Right here.Media:VO Yae Miko Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg (Dashing Forwards) Right now.Media:VO Yae Miko Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg (Dashing Forwards) Emerge!Media:VO Yae Miko Elemental Skill 1 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Elemental_Skill_1_04.ogg (Dashing Backwards) Come on out.Media:VO Yae Miko Elemental Skill 1 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Elemental_Skill_1_05.ogg (Dashing Backwards) Show them.Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Yae Miko Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg I'm always watching.Media:VO Yae Miko Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Nothing lasts forever.Media:VO Yae Miko Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg A sight to behold.Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Yae Miko Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndYae Miko does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Yae Miko Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Yae Miko Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg Well, what do we have here?Media:VO Yae Miko Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg Don't tell me that's everything...Media:VO Yae Miko Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Go on. Open it up, show me what's inside.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Yae Miko Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Low_HP_01.ogg That's quite enough.Media:VO Yae Miko Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Low_HP_02.ogg Ugh, no more games.Media:VO Yae Miko Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Low_HP_03.ogg Now, you've got my attention.Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Yae Miko Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg My, you're cutting it close.Media:VO Yae Miko Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg I shall handle this.FallenFallenMedia:VO Yae Miko Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Fallen_01.ogg The fun's over...Media:VO Yae Miko Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Fallen_02.ogg What a dreadful ending...Media:VO Yae Miko Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Fallen_03.ogg So much for "eternity"...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Yae Miko Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Dear me!Media:VO Yae Miko Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Is that all?Media:VO Yae Miko Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Yae Miko Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg What a nuisance.Media:VO Yae Miko Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Yae Miko Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Joining_Party_01.ogg Whatever would you do without me?Media:VO Yae Miko Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Joining_Party_02.ogg Alright, amuse me.Media:VO Yae Miko Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Joining_Party_03.ogg Well, since you asked so nicely...Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Yae Miko does not feature any Character Idles Voice-Overs.Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Yae Miko Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Yae Miko Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Yae Miko Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Yae Miko Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Climbing_03.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Climbing 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Climbing_04.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Climbing 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Climbing_05.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Yae Miko Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Yae Miko Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Yae Miko Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Yae_Miko_Jumping_05.ogg 
Notes

Navigation
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Yae Miko










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Yae Miko can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining her and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 Ancient Branch Shrine
4.2 Wakeful Spring


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Yae Miko has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsWakeful Spring 20 2 20,000Ancient Branch Shrine 20 1 20,000
Idle Quotes

 Light novels...
 Time for some self-care...
 Stories...
 Fried Tofu...
(When the player is nearby)
 Something on your mind?
 My little friends...

Dialogue

Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo hello 01.ogg Yae Miko: Oh? Well hello, what brings you to see me today?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo hello 02.ogg Yae Miko: If there's anything weighing on your mind, you can always talk to me. I'm always happy to listen to other people's problems... Who knows, I might even try to help you come up with a solution.
 Hope you're settling in okay.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Yae Miko: Thank you for your concern, dear. But, believe me, I am quite comfortable wherever I go.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Yae Miko: So, this must be an adepti abode... Hmm, though it's a bit different from what I imagined, it's still most fascinating.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Yae Miko: At first glance, the act of containing this vast space inside a tiny little tea pot seems strikingly similar to the art of constructing a space from the imagination. But as it turns out, they work on fundamentally different principles.
 So you're researching how it works, huh?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Yae Miko: As Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine, it is my duty to seek out and master all forms of knowledge and power. Only then am I capable of handling whatever phenomena come our way.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Yae Miko: Besides, if I can get the hang of this teapot trick, I'll be able to bring an unlimited supply of sake and snacks with me wherever I go...
 Aha, so that's the real reason for your "research"!
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Yae Miko: Hehe... regardless, please do look after me while I'm visiting this lovely little teapot of yours.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Yae Miko: Need someone to talk to, hmm? Aw, what's the matter, are you feeling lonely?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Yae Miko: Well, as luck would have it, I happen to be in a good mood today. How about I tell you a story from long ago, hmm?
 Please, that would be great!
 I'd love to hear it!
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Yae Miko: Long, long ago, there was a little child who suddenly turned up at the shrine one day.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Yae Miko: In her arms she was carrying a little fox on the brink of death. She knelt before Kitsune Saiguu and begged her to save her friend.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Yae Miko: The child said the fox had started appearing frequently in the village ever since she had fed it some Fried Tofu.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Yae Miko: But it wasn't long before misfortune struck. Now that the fox had let down its guard, a vicious dog from the village seized the chance to attack, delivering a near-fatal bite. Heart-broken and riddled with guilt, the child decided to bring the injured fox to the shrine for help.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Yae Miko: Kitsune Saiguu granted her request and agreed to nurse the little fox back to health. Worried that the little girl would be lonely without her companion, Kitsune Saiguu decided to ask another member of her kin to keep the little girl company for a few days. I was the one she asked.
 What happened after that?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Yae Miko: Well, obviously, being the fabulously beautiful fox that I am, it wasn't long before the little girl was crazy about me.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Yae Miko: Not only would she buy me all sorts of tasty treats to eat, she would pamper me day in and day out. She always wanted me by her side, even when she was sleeping.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Yae Miko: After two days, the little fox had recovered and I accompanied the girl back to the shrine. Upon our arrival, Kitsune Saiguu asked the girl which fox was her favorite — the one she had made friends with originally, or the new one?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg Yae Miko: She hesitantly looked back and forth between me and her old fox friend.
 That would be quite a difficult choice...
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg Yae Miko: But when her own fox trotted up and whimpered to her, she finally set me down.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg Yae Miko: "The fox you gave me is very beautiful, Miss Shrine Maiden, but I still love my old friend the most."
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg Yae Miko: Finally, the child offered some Fried Tofu to thank me for accompanying her, then left with her little fox friend.
 What an amazing story.
 Thanks for telling me this story.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg Yae Miko: Hmm? Wait a moment, child. You're not planning to just leave it at that, are you?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg Yae Miko: Come on, I've told you my story — now it's your turn. Shouldn't you offer me something in exchange?
 Alright, let me tell you my story.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 17a 1.ogg Yae Miko: Hmm, I suppose that will do.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 17a 2.ogg Yae Miko: But could you try to spice it up a bit? Tell it as if it were a best-seller from Yae Publishing House.
 How about I go buy you some Fried Tofu?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 17b 1.ogg Yae Miko: Now you're talking.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 17b 2.ogg Yae Miko: Alright, I'll wait for you here. Make it quick, though. I can tell you some other stories when you return.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Yae Miko: Hmm... no.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Yae Miko: Hehe, not the answer you were expecting to hear, hmm? Ah, the look of stunned surprise on your face... I think it might be my favorite.
 So you were just joking...
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Yae Miko: No, actually I wasn't.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Yae Miko: Or to put it another way, seeing your reaction was exactly what I wanted to do.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Yae Miko: Observing humans' reactions and reading about their lives are what interest me most in this world.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Yae Miko: In principle, I should remain an outside observer. But you are far too much fun for that. I can't help but tease you from time to time.
 Oh, so it's my fault that you feel the need to tease me!?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Yae Miko: But of course.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Yae Miko: If you liken human lives to light novels, every one has its highlights, but also inevitably has many aspects that are similar to all the others.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Yae Miko: As an observer, I get to see the similarities all the time, which naturally leaves me desiring to see something more unique.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Yae Miko: Your story is one that has captivated me. I really do have high hopes for you... Please do your best to live up to them, child.
 My story? You mean my life story? Umm...
 I'm not sure I can meet your expectations.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg Yae Miko: Don't you worry. You still have a long journey ahead of you... Your story has only just begun.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg Yae Miko: Besides, you will always have me as your trusty "editor," won't you?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg Yae Miko: Whenever you start going off on a misguided tangent, I'll correct you. And if you're ever stuck in a rut, I'll give you a little nudge towards the next chapter.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg Yae Miko: That should certainly help you on your journey, don't you agree?
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Morning, Yae Miko.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo morning 01.ogg Yae Miko: Good morning, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler). My, by the looks of you, you must have had a very pleasant dream last night?
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo morning 02.ogg Yae Miko: Bright eyed and bushy tailed, with fortune swinging your way, no doubt. You should follow your heart today, and fate might just reward you for it.
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Yae Miko.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo night 01.ogg Yae Miko: Alright, off to bed now, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler). Youngsters like you should keep early hours.
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo night 02.ogg Yae Miko: What about me? Oh, I'm staying up to have a drink or two, maybe read a couple of interesting light novels...
Media:vo yaemiko mimitomo night 03.ogg Yae Miko: You... weren't seriously thinking of joining me for the whole night, were you...?

Special Dialogue
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

Ancient Branch Shrine

Media:vo mimitomo dq yaemiko shrine 01.ogg Yae Miko: My, someone rather discerning fitted out this shrine.
Media:vo mimitomo dq yaemiko shrine 02.ogg Yae Miko: Nothing looks out of place, and everything's spaced out just right.
Media:vo mimitomo dq yaemiko shrine 03.ogg Yae Miko: Yes... I have to hand it to you, you can be rather considerate when it counts.

Wakeful Spring

Media:vo mimitomo dq yaemiko hotspring 01.ogg Yae Miko: Oh? I didn't expect to find my favorite hot springs here. You wouldn't mind it if I took a soak for a while, would you?
Media:vo mimitomo dq yaemiko hotspring 02.ogg Yae Miko: Soaking in the steaming water is a fine way to cleanse and soothe both your mind and body.
Media:vo mimitomo dq yaemiko hotspring 03.ogg Yae Miko: Now, if I only had a bottle of sake, that would make it perfect.

Change History
Released in Version 2.5[Create New History]
Navigation
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






