As Lesser Lord Kusanali, she strives to have a stronger presence in Sumeru now that she has been freed from her extensive confinement in the Sanctuary of Surasthana.





For All Knowledge, a Verse





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Nahida


De­scrip­tion
Nahida's outfit. Only the oracles that interpret knowledge may robe the God of Wisdom, and so even the smallest ornament is viewed by believers as holy writ.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


For All Knowledge, a Verse is Nahida's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance

1.1 Glowing Ornaments
1.2 Projection of Elemental Symbol


2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
Nahida's hair is pulled into a braid from the right side of her head and merges into a ponytail on the left side of her head. She wears a large green headpiece on the left side of her head and a green leaf on the right side.
Nahida's outfit consists of a white dress decorated with green and gold details, short detached sleeves made of patterned green fabric, and a gold bracelet on her right wrist. Her dress is adorned with a number of green gems and is decorated with intricate golden patterns. Under this, she wears a pair of white bloomers. On her back is a split pale green cape, and on her feet she wears short white stirrups adorned with gold that leave her mostly barefoot, with her toes and heels being exposed.

Glowing Ornaments[]
While wearing  For All Knowledge, a Verse, when Nahida's Elemental Burst is ready, the four green gem-like ornaments on her outfit and the chain-link symbol on the front of her dress will glow the way other characters' non-Vision gems glow along with their Visions. One gem is on the front of her collar, one is on the back of her collar, one is at the bottom of her skirt at the back, and one is on the fixture at the top of her cape at her back.

Projection of Elemental Symbol[]
Nahida has no object that appears to be a Vision while wearing  For All Knowledge, a Verse, but when switching to  Nahida when her Elemental Burst is ready, the projected elemental symbol that is typically seen over other characters' Visions is seen over the leaf in Nahida's hair.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Nahida 1.mp4      Media:Idle Nahida 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Nahida.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Nahida.mp4      Media:Party Setup Nahida.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishFor All Knowledge, a Verse—Chinese(Simplified)万识一偈Wàn Shí Yī JiéOne Verse For All KnowledgeChinese(Traditional)萬識一偈Wàn Shì Yī JiéJapanese万識一偈Manshiki Ichige‍[!][!]Assumed readingOne Verse For All KnowledgeKorean진리의 한 마디Jilli-ui Han MadiOne Word of TruthSpanishVersos versadosVersed VersesFrenchVerset de connaissanceVerse of KnowledgeRussianВо имя знанийVo imya znaniyIn the Name of KnowledgeThaiบทกลอนแห่งความรู้ทั้งปวงBotklon Haeng Khwamru ThangpuangPoem of All KnowledgeVietnameseÁng Thơ Vạn Tri ThứcA Verse of Thousand KnowledgeGermanEin Vers für alles WissenA Verse for All KnowledgeIndonesianSebait Ayat PengetahuanA Verse of KnowledgePortuguesePor Todo o Conhecimento, um VersoFor All The Knowledge, a VerseTurkishBir Mısrada Bin BilgelikIn One Verse, A Thousand WisdomsItalianPer tutta la conoscenza, un versoFor All of the Knowledge, a Verse
Change History[]
Released in Version 3.2[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
Lesser Lord Kusanali dwells deep in the Sanctuary of Surasthana, and has never really been in the limelight, nor has she even been mentioned much.Her burden is heavy, but though she may experience loneliness, and though darkness is all she sees before her, she will not stop moving forward.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction
4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Nahida's "Toy Box"
4.8 Gnosis


5 Altered Character Stories

5.1 Character Details
5.2 Character Story 1
5.3 Character Story 3
5.4 Character Story 4
5.5 Nahida's "Toy Box"


6 Namecard
7 Constellation
8 Quests and Events

8.1 Archon Quests
8.2 Story Quests
8.3 World Quests
8.4 Events
8.5 Web Events


9 Character Trials

9.1 Quests
9.2 Events
9.3 Test Run Events


10 Character Mentions

10.1 Character Stories
10.2 Character Voice-Overs


11 Trivia

11.1 Etymology


12 Notes
13 Other Languages

13.1 Character Title: Physic of Purity


14 References
15 Navigation


Personality
A caged bird secluded within the confines of the Sanctuary of Surasthana who can only see the world in her dreams.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
When the Traveler and Paimon first meet Nahida in the Sabzeruz Festival samsara, she was an elusive and secretive individual. She voluntarily left ruling the city to the sages, though like in cases with the samsara, she would intervene as best she could if they stepped out of line. She also suffered from very low self-esteem as a result of the way the sages treated her. However after the downfall of the sages and the cleansing of Irminsul, many of these traits have minimized or vanished. She now openly wanders around the city, when she has time, and interacts with her people and has an overall far more genuinely cheerful view of herself.
Despite her previously difficult circumstances, when she spoke to people she rarely revealed her sadness. She almost always maintains a gentle and kind demeanour when she speaks to others, and treats everyone as equals. However, she admits that her social skills and understanding of human interaction needs work, and she's prone to slightly eccentric speech and behaviour as a result. She also professes a fondness for analogies and frequently makes use of them when attempting to explain things to others. Like many in Sumeru, she believes in helping people come to answers on their own, particularly regarding heavier truths, rather than providing all the answers. As a result she's also prone to peppering her speech with a mixture of analogies and subtle clues about things she wants others to learn.
As the God of Wisdom, Nahida's most notable traits are her exceptional intelligence, knowledge, and planning. She's capable of creating extremely thorough, multi-layered plans and can even be a little manipulative if the situation calls for it. She's also capable of making plans in a pinch, as shown when she bartered with Dottore. Perhaps most of all, Nahida is skilled at realizing when her intelligence is required and when her kindness is required, or both.

Appearance
See also: For All Knowledge, a Verse
Nahida uses the short female model. She has fair skin, pointed ears, large green eyes, and white hair with Dendro-green tips that glow when she uses her Elemental Skill or her Elemental Burst.

Official Introduction
The panacea brings purity, and from the palace depths is spring renewed
One might say she pays too much attention or dotes on people too much... But while her actions can be flawed, I believe her sense of responsibility as Sumeru's deity to be a commendable thing. Ah, that the youngest of gods should be thus, while a certain other person, by contrast, should be so prone to hysterics...—Chief Justice Neuvillette of Fontaine
Lesser Lord Kusanali dwelt deep in the Sanctuary of Surasthana. She had never really been in the limelight, nor had she even been mentioned much.
Always learning something new, she constantly strove to become a worthy archon who could guide her people as soon as possible.
If the threat of forbidden knowledge were not pressing so near, would she not desire to take a short break and see Sumeru and those who live in it with her own eyes?
As things stood, she could only see the myriad, vibrant sights the world had to offer in dreams.
Within the meditative silence of her soul, she made companions of the sunlight and the breeze, struck up friendships with humans and animals, told stories, played, and sang songs she had only just learned...
She poured the loveliest of yearnings into her dreamscape, but no matter how bustling the nights, when day came, all things about her would return to silence once more.
She gradually arose. Even through her sleepiness, solitude struck like an icy tide, causing her to hug her shoulders tightly.
—That which fully awakened her was an inconspicuous yet abnormal noise that sounded within Akasha.
"Ah. So it was a dream within a dream..."

Character Stories
Several of Nahida's Character Stories change after completing the Archon Quest Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies. See the Altered Character Stories section for the alternate versions.

Character Details
Greater Lord Rukkhadevata created Sumeru's rainforest and bestowed wisdom upon the people of Sumeru through the Akademiya. Despite her departure long ago, her name is still praised in the stories told in every household in Sumeru.On the other hand, Lesser Lord Kusanali, who was whisked back by the sages to the Sanctuary of Surasthana following the former's fall, has been more of a symbol — one that signifies that the protection of divinity never ceased to exist on this land.But the answers to who she is, how she descended, and what powers she has, are rarely known.From the highest sage's vague response and evasive attitude toward people's inquiry about Lesser Lord Kusanali, the people in Sumeru deduced that they should no longer expect merciful wisdom to descend from on high as before.The Akasha, the sublime legacy left by Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, is just as handy and helpful as it has always been. What people are not aware of is that the Akasha today has become the ears and eyes of the newborn deity.Through the Akasha, she has observed every bit of human emotions and attitudes. She is aware of their devotion to the old goddess, their disillusionment with their new deity, and the many comments that "The God of Wisdom will never come back."She knows in her heart that she must keep learning and grow up as quickly as she can to stand up and face the threats from the most abysmal corners of the world. This is her inevitable duty.Thus, whether she is misunderstood or underappreciated, Nahida makes no argument against it.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
The process of learning and growth is joyful, and knowledge concerning this world always satisfies Nahida's exuberant curiosity.Gradually, Nahida came to grasp the principles of nature and the elements, understanding the ecology of the sky and the sea. She could even compose what she learned into fascinating dreams that are logical, yet beyond imagination.Such dreams are, in essence, the same as Nahida's marvelous metaphors — they all lead to a dawning understanding of the similarities between two otherwise unrelated things.But there are times when she meditates on things yet struggles to figure them out, and such incidents usually concern events related to people or society.For example, when honesty and truth could exempt a person from punishment, some people might turn silent and deceitful; and when with their beloved ones, some people would hurt others with brutal words.It feels as if the contradictions of the entire world are focused through and manifested by human beings, whose fickle emotions are perplexing to Nahida.In such moments, her metaphors would not work. Nor could she find any system in this world as a reference for such chaos.She could only explain it by the fact that the difference between every person's uniqueness creates diverse reactions when they undergo similar emotions.But this was not a satisfactory answer to Nahida. To better know human beings, plain knowledge and dogma alone would never suffice.Perhaps it was from that moment on that Nahida came to understand why "she" had to stand firmly by human beings' side and even made tremendous sacrifices for their sake.For each and every one of "them" is a unique existence in this world.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
Nahida's life might be uniform, but she owns the most fantastic and lively dream in all of Sumeru.The knowledge she learns through the Akasha during the day is presented vividly in her dreams at night. As she learns more knowledge, her dreams become even more intricate and full of life.The dreams not only relax her mind, but also give her chances to examine her new knowledge to see if it goes against common sense or if she is missing any details.When Dusk Birds first appeared in Nahida's dream, those birds soared through the sky in a standing posture with their wings folded.It looked abnormal and caught Nahida's attention immediately. Nahida thus learned how wings worked, after which the Dusk Birds could fly freely in her dreams.Next, she adopted similar methods to fix Shroomboars that slept underwater, Radishes that grew on apple trees, and crystalflies with mismatched wing colors.Knowledge shall not be a mere approach to justify things in this world, it could also be used to satisfy her need for pure innocent fun.Technically, Shroomboars can only walk on the ground. Now that she understood how wings work, wouldn't Shroomboars with wings fly all the same?And where there are flying Shroomboars, it is only natural to have crocodiles that walk on their hind legs and Harra Fruits who speak human languages...The way Nahida develops her knowledge system has subsequently created a little amusement park for her, free of disturbance. In her dreams, she is in the embrace of boundless happiness.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
Children have yet to be well-informed and are easily swayed by emotions, but it does not mean that they can be disrespected or mocked.Frustration and disappointments do indeed grant them a taste of reality — but at the cost of robbing them of innocent thoughts and exuberant emotions.The children who unluckily run across such negativity would always hear a gentle, warm voice on some ordinary night.She listens attentively to the children, uses her wonderful metaphors to clarify principles to them, plays with them, and talks about their favorite games and snacks... until dawn.Though the night is short, such company would let the children believe that there is still someone in this world who understands them.Hatred and frustration are thus melted away by the warmth in their hearts, and the children would gain an opportunity to make a change in their lives such that they can grow in confidence and gladness.However, none of them could recognize to whom the gentle, warm voice belonged. Everyone knows, after all, that Greater Lord Rukkhadevata had departed a long time ago.A group of children gathered in secret and discussed this mystical phenomenon. Suddenly, a child who seemed to know a lot more than their peers mentioned a somewhat unusual name, "Lesser Lord Kusanali."They soon accepted that theory. And, of course, none of their parents believed them.But what did that matter? Lesser Lord Kusanali was already their friend.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
The greenery-planning personnel in Sumeru City once received a mysterious letter. The sender was, apparently, "An Enthusiastic and Perfectly Leisurely Citizen of Sumeru City."The letter contained detailed suggestions and thoughtful planning that took both the weather and practicality into consideration.Judging by the professionalism of the letter's contents, it was natural to assume that the letter was from a well-known Amurta researcher who would prefer to stay anonymous.Despite the writer's anonymity, the greenery-planning personnel carried out their work in the city exactly as stated in the letter, as if they were implementing orders from their superior.The outcome reaped high praise. Later one day, Nahida borrowed Katheryne's body and took a walk on the streets in the city. To her great joy, she found out that the arrangement of plants was exactly the same as she had expected.The letter was from Nahida, of course. She had written it because she thought that though knowledge is important, practice is also essential.But with the exceedingly strict control the sages exercised, Nahida had to persuade them with great effort before they agreed to let her send this seemingly useless letter anonymously.But so encouraged was Nahida by the great success of her first attempt at putting knowledge into practice that in the following days, even when she walked, she was ever so full of elated confidence.But then she rounded a corner and noticed unexpectedly that several flowers of completely mismatched colors had been planted together.After careful examination, she found out that it was because she had not considered the possibility that one of the flower species might change colors, nor had she specified the cultivation environment for the flowers very strictly in her plans.Then it occurred to her that this bunch of flowers could have been here for dozens of days, during which everyone might have witnessed her "complete lack of aesthetic sense"...That day, many claimed that they saw Ms. Katheryne, who usually stood behind the reception desk with a confident smile, crouching next to a pot of flowers, her hands covering her blushing face.Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6  •  Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises
How might one eradicate the threat that forbidden knowledge poses to Irminsul?Nahida used to believe that she was the one who had the answer, but never did she realize that she was also the answer herself.One who takes action will certainly leave one's traces behind. When one wishes to eradicate oneself, a paradox would thus occur.That is why it is inevitable that one must depend on others to accomplish this goal.By the time Nahida had figured this out, time was running out, leaving her no room for further consideration. The knowledge accumulated through the years could not even help her find a solution to the pressing dilemma before her.But just as ████ said, as one with wisdom, one should feel joy upon the discovery of the answer.She was not born just to accomplish such cruel deeds. Only after eradicating forbidden knowledge could she focus on Sumeru's future and plan for the prosperity and happiness that her nation could call its own.Will a nation walking into the future still remember a name that no longer exists? It does not matter."Does it really not matter?"Nahida would have definitely proposed otherwise. Shame, then, that their time was too short. In that blink of an eye, ████ did not even leave her a chance to retort.Nahida's "Toy Box" Friendship Lv. 4
Though it looks no different from a regular box, this container has a variety of experimental replicas within it.Nahida has a strong interest in popular games of all sorts. Their rules are simple, but they are also fun and profound. Be it puzzles or battle games, the fascination they inspire can be long-lasting.Games are simple but not simplistic, exemplifying the wisdom of their designers. Deconstructing and reshaping things also make for valuable opportunities to learn.However, the Akademiya researchers never supported her novel ideas, nor would they satisfy her wish for more toys. So, she compromised and asked for only wood and some tools.Following the instructions offered by the Akasha and applying her imagination, she managed to create various toys, such as chessboards, cards, puzzle pieces, and three-dimensional locks...The sense of achievement from finishing making toys brought Nahida brief satisfaction, but she soon found this out:She could not find an opponent for any battle-type games, and as the maker, she knew the solutions to all her puzzle games."If only there were someone else around to try these out."So she has always hoped. But before that suitable person shows up, these toys shall stay in their box for now.Gnosis Friendship Lv. 6  •  Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises
The existence of the Akasha is the means, not an end in itself. The moment when the forbidden knowledge was eradicated was the moment when the Akasha had accomplished its mission.The one who had coveted the power of the Gnosis had written the entire drama from the start, and would show themselves as the curtains fell.Nahida, using the Gnosis of a foreign land as leverage, deprived the cunning foe of his "segments" as insurance.But the enemy immediately requested for a bargain as well, offering up critical knowledge of the world's "truth."His knowledge of the values rooted in this land was without peer, and thus had he intended to take advantage of Nahida's curiosity and sense of responsibility from the very beginning. Indeed, the way he saw it, there could be no bargaining chip more suitable than knowledge.With one Gnosis still in her hands, Nahida could not help but hesitate. She barely knew more about the Gnoses than she knew the "truth" of the world.The Gnosis, to her, was but a core that gathers a mass of elemental power at her discretion. But if there is nothing more to a Gnosis, why was a god so eager to gather all of them together?Shaking hands in bargain means an equal compromise for both sides, a far cry from any victory. On the other hand, turning down the bargain indicates a certain type of "ignorance," which, obviously, would more easily invite a loss of control.Thus did the "God of Wisdom" instantly find her answer...
Altered Character Stories
After completing the Archon Quest Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies, some of Nahida's Character Stories are altered to the following versions.

Character Details
Long ago, the Dendro Archon created Sumeru's rainforest and bestowed wisdom upon the people of Sumeru through the Akademiya. Her name is praised in thousands of stories that are written to admire her deeds and virtues.In the eyes of people in Sumeru, the existence of the Dendro Archon is more of a symbol — by which they ascertain that the protection of divinity upon this land has persisted since antiquity.The Dendro Archon is revered by the highest sages in Sumeru City and venerated by the citizens unswervingly.And the powerful Akasha System is Lesser Lord Kusanali's eyes and ears.The Akasha enables her to observe and learn about people's emotions and gives her omnipresent sight and hearing so
that she can understand voices that are not praise.The more she sees, the more she knows that she must learn constantly. Only through that can she enrich her experience, honing her skills to become powerful enough to face the threats from the most abysmal corners of the world.There is no escape from this, her inexorable duty.Even though very few feel unsatisfied with the status quo, Nahida still remains steadfast.Her tenacity comes from conviction. She knows it better than anyone else — that, here, she is the one that all people rely on and trust in.Character Story 1
The process of learning and growth is joyful, and knowledge concerning this world always satisfies Nahida's exuberant curiosity.Gradually, Nahida came to grasp the principles of nature and the elements, understanding the ecology of the sky and the sea. She could even compose what she learned into fascinating dreams that are logical, yet beyond imagination.Such dreams are, in essence, the same as Nahida's marvelous metaphors — they all lead to a dawning understanding of the similarities between two otherwise unrelated things.But there are times when she meditates on things yet struggles to figure them out, and such incidents usually concern events related to people or society.For example, when honesty and truth could exempt a person from punishment, some people might turn silent and deceitful; and when with their beloved ones, some people would hurt others with brutal words.It feels as if the contradictions of the entire world are focused through and manifested by human beings, whose fickle emotions are perplexing to Nahida.In such moments, her metaphors would not work. Nor could she find any system in this world as a reference for such chaos.She could only explain it by the fact that the difference between every person's uniqueness creates diverse reactions when they undergo similar emotions.But this was not a satisfactory answer to Nahida. To better know human beings, plain knowledge and dogma alone would never suffice.Perhaps it was from that moment on that Nahida came to understand why ████ had to stand firmly by human beings' side and even made tremendous sacrifices for their sake.For each and every one of "them" is a unique existence in this world.Character Story 3
Children have yet to be well-informed and are easily swayed by emotions, but it does not mean that they can be disrespected or mocked.Frustration and disappointments do indeed grant them a taste of reality — but at the cost of robbing them of innocent thoughts and exuberant emotions.The children who unluckily run across such negativity would always hear a gentle, warm voice on some ordinary night.She listens attentively to the children, uses her wonderful metaphors to clarify principles to them, plays with them, and talks about their favorite games and snacks... until dawn.Though the night is short, such company would let the children believe that there is still someone in this world who understands them.Hatred and frustration are thus melted away by the warmth in their hearts, and the children would gain an opportunity to make a change in their lives such that they can grow in confidence and gladness.However, none of them could recognize to whom the voice in their dreams belonged. The Dendro Archon is powerful, but she must have many more important matters to attend to.And so, the children gathered in secret and discussed this mysterious phenomenon. Numerous were the possibilities they came up with, and they discussed at length about each imaginative explanation.But in the end, the conclusion was, unsurprisingly, that only Lesser Lord Kusanali could be capable of a deed so kind and caring. Or, to put it otherwise, that was the only conclusion that these children were willing to believe in.And, of course, none of their parents believed them. But what did that matter? Lesser Lord Kusanali was already their friend.Character Story 4
The greenery-planning personnel in Sumeru City once received a mysterious letter. The sender was, apparently, "An Enthusiastic and Perfectly Leisurely Citizen of Sumeru City."The letter contained detailed suggestions and thoughtful planning that took both the weather and practicality into consideration.Judging by the professionalism of the letter's contents, it was natural to assume that the letter was from a well-known Amurta researcher who would prefer to stay anonymous.Despite the writer's anonymity, the greenery-planning personnel carried out their work in the city exactly as stated in the letter, as if they were implementing orders from their superior.The outcome reaped high praise. Later one day, when Nahida was finally able to take a break, she took a walk on the streets of Sumeru City. To her great joy, she found out that the plants was [sic] exactly the same as she had expected.The letter was from Nahida, of course. She had written it because she thought that though knowledge is important, practice is also essential.As a goddess, Nahida has higher priorities than planning the positions of some plants. But after careful consideration, she made up her mind and sent this seemingly useless letter anonymously all the same.But so encouraged was she by the great success of her first attempt at putting knowledge into practice that in the following days, even when she walked, she was ever so full of elated confidence.But then she rounded a corner and noticed unexpectedly that several flowers of completely mismatched colors had been planted together.After careful examination, she found out that it was because she had not considered the possibility that one of the flower species might change colors, nor had she specified the cultivation environment for the flowers very strictly in her plans.Then it occurred to her that this bunch of flowers could have been here for dozens of days, during which everyone might have witnessed her "complete lack of aesthetic sense"...That day, many claimed that they saw Lesser Lord Kusanali crouching next to a pot of flowers, her hands covering her blushing face.Nahida's "Toy Box"
Though it looks no different from a regular box, this container has a variety of experimental replicas within it.Nahida has a strong interest in popular games of all sorts. Their rules are simple, but they are also fun and profound. Be it puzzles or battle games, the fascination they inspire can be long-lasting.Games are simple but not simplistic, exemplifying the wisdom of their designers. Deconstructing and reshaping things also make for valuable opportunities to learn.Instead of purchasing toys from the bazaar, Nahida believes that making a toy from scratch brings a deeper understanding of the knowledge that lies behind it. To this end, she soon collected some wood and tools.Following the instructions offered by the Akasha and applying her imagination, she managed to create various toys, such as chessboards, cards, puzzle pieces, and three-dimensional locks...The sense of achievement from finishing making toys brought Nahida brief satisfaction, but she soon found this out:She could not find an opponent for any battle-type games, and as the maker, she knew the solutions to all her puzzle games."If only there were someone else around to try these out."So she has always hoped. But before that suitable person shows up, these toys shall stay in their box for now.
Namecard


Nahida: Crescent




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with NahidaDescription:The rising moon admires the sun, because her light can shine all over the earth. On the other hand, the setting sun is envious of the moon, for she can be accompanied by the sweetest of dreams.

Constellation
Sapientia OromasdisStory Chapter:Sapientia OromasdisMeaning:Wisdom of Ahura Mazda 
Quests and Events
Archon QuestsChapter IIIAct II: The Morn a Thousand Roses BringsThe Continuation of the Sabzeruz FestivalThe Samsara of the Sabzeruz FestivalThe Causality of the Sabzeruz FestivalThe Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz FestivalThe End of the Sabzeruz FestivalAct II: The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings: DenouementDawnAct III: Dreams, Emptiness, DeceptionLike a Triumphant HeroThe Gaze From a Certain GodAct V: Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesJnagarbha DayWhere the Boat of Consciousness LiesA Toast to VictoryInterlude ChapterAct III: Inversion of GenesisThe Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's CallThe Kabukimono's FinaleAs Though Morning DewStory QuestsCarassius Auratus Chapter (Yoimiya)Act II: Star-Pickers' PassageThe Seeker of a Meteor ShowerSapientia Oromasdis Chapter (Nahida)Act I: Lingering WarmthDream of AwakeningDream of FallingDream of FarewellAct II: HomecomingWhere Lies the Path HomeWhat Shape Does the Self HoldWorld QuestsAnother Home There May Yet BeEventsSummertime OdysseyIV: Immernachtreich ApokalypseImmernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 3) (voice only)VI: Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer ReverieLike Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie (voice only)A Parade of ProvidenceAct III: Gatherings and PartingsThe Arc of IntellectWeb EventsMay Your Dreams of Wisdom Come TrueDiscover Teyvat
Character Trials
QuestsDream of Awakening in Nahida's Story Quest, Sapientia Oromasdis Chapter: Act I - Lingering WarmthDream of Falling in Nahida's Story Quest, Sapientia Oromasdis Chapter: Act I - Lingering WarmthArchon Quest Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies in Chapter III: Act V - Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesWhat Shape Does the Self Hold in Nahida's Story Quest, Sapientia Oromasdis Chapter: Act II - HomecomingWhere Lies the Path Home in Nahida's Story Quest, Sapientia Oromasdis Chapter: Act II - HomecomingEventsAdventurer's TrialsMisty Dungeon: Realm of SandSecond BloomingVibro-Crystal VerificationBrewing DevelopmentsDivine Ingenuity: Collector's ChapterFayz Trials: HypothesisThe Peaks and Troughs of LifeMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterPurgation CounterstrikeTriumphant FrenzyThe Great Fayz Reaction DebateVibro-Crystal ApplicationsTest Run EventsNahida, Yoimiya, Razor, Bennett — 2022-11-02Nahida, Nilou, Kuki Shinobu, Dori, Layla — 2023-04-12Xianyun, Nahida, Gaming, Faruzan — 2024-01-31
Character Mentions
 For character mentions involving Nahida as Lesser Lord Kusanali or Buer, see Lesser Lord Kusanali § Character Mentions.
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesFaruzanCharacter Story 3Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversCynoAbout Nahida Media:VO_Cyno About Nahida.ogg Media:VO ZH_Cyno About Nahida.ogg Media:VO JA_Cyno About Nahida.ogg Media:VO KO_Cyno About Nahida.ogg Commenting on a god might be overstepping my position a little... But when I was working with her, I personally witnessed her wisdom, courage, and determination. Compared with those sages who constantly undermined and criticized her without a shred of evidence, I think I can provide a more reliable assessment: She is an exceptional deity who is worthy of everyone's respect.
Trivia
Nahida is the first Archon to utilize the short character model.
Nahida is one of the characters with ornaments that glow. While wearing her default outfit, For All Knowledge, a Verse, when Nahida's Elemental Burst is ready, the four green gem-like ornaments on her outfit and the chain-link symbol on the front of her dress will glow the way other characters' non-Vision gems glow along with their Visions. One gem is on the front of her collar, one is on the back of her collar, one is at the bottom of her skirt at the back, and one is on the fixture at the top of her cape at her back.
Nahida has no object that appears to be a Vision while wearing her default outfit, For All Knowledge, a Verse, but when switching to  Nahida when her Elemental Burst is ready, the projected elemental symbol that is typically seen over other characters' Visions is seen over the leaf in Nahida's hair.
Nahida and Zhongli are the first characters who have multiple versions of their Character Stories.
The light source and shading of Nahida's Wish Art differs from that of her Card.
Nahida shares the same Japanese and Chinese voice actress with Theresa Apocalypse from the Honkai series and her Japanese voice actress with the ELF Blood Embrace from Honkai Impact 3rd; all three characters share a similar small appearance with white hair. Nahida and Theresa Apocalypse also share multiple parallels and similarities.
Nahida's color scheme is similar to the color palette of Theresa's event outfit Verdant Sky.
Both Nahida and Theresa are leaders of an academic institution, with Nahida being in charge of the Akademiya, and Theresa being the founder and principal of St. Freya Highschool.
They both are also smaller incarnations of a previous deceased figure, with Nahida being a reincarnation of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, and Theresa being a genetic clone of Kallen Kaslana.
Nahida shares her Japanese voice actress with Qiqi and her Chinese voice actress with Klee.
Nahida's Character Teaser, "Nahida: Happy Birthday", released on her actual birthday, October 27.
In her Character Teaser, a portion of the video is subtitled in the Sumeru Script. These lines say:

The flower carriage rocked. Nahida opened her eyes.Said she just dreamed a dream.Dreamed of the day that she was born.Dreamed of the day that the sages found her.Alas, but where had Lord Rukkhadevata gone to? We all [sic] eager to meet her once again.Realizing the Lord had perished, around her they gathered. To tears, they were dashed.In the end, Nahida was locked in by the devout. In the end, to no one could Nahida reach out.

Despite being an Archon, Nahida does not have any voice-overs regarding the other playable Archons individually.
Nahida is the first playable character to openly cry on-screen, during the cutscene within the act Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies.
Etymology
"Nahida" is likely based on Nahid (Persian: ناهید Nâhid), a Middle Persian variant spelling of Anahita, a Zoroastrian goddess. Anahita is the goddess of "the Waters" (Aban) and is associated with fertility, healing, and wisdom.
In-game, both "Anahitian" and "Nahidad" are terms affiliated with the Dendro Archon(s), although the terms have only been used generically and have not been ascribed to refer to a specific Dendro Archon.
Anahitian Blessing is described as the Dendro Archon's blessing.
In Sohreh's Note, the eponymous Sohreh decides to name a new species of micro-scarab "Nahidad Scarabs," and proceeds to explain that the name means "The Dendro Archon's Boon."
In the Persian epic Shahnameh by Ferdowsi, Nahid is the mother of Alexander the Great.
"Nahida" is also the name used for a genus of butterflies.
Notes

Other Languages
Character Title: Physic of Purity

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishPhysic of Purity—Chinese(Simplified)白草净华Báicǎo JìnghuáChinese(Traditional)白草淨華Báicǎo JìnghuáJapanese白草浄華Hakusou Jouka‍[!][!]Assumed readingWhite Grass of Purification Bloom‍[※][※]Sino-Japanese reading of Chinese nameKorean정화의 하얀 풀Jeonghwa-ui Hayan PulWhite Grass of PurificationSpanishLa Purificadora de las PlantasThe Purifier of PlantsFrenchPhysique de puretéPhysic of PurityRussianСредоточие чистотыSredotochiye chistotyCenter of PurityThaiพฤกษาช้อยวิสุทธิ์Phriksa Choi WisutGraceful Pure FloraVietnameseKết Tinh Bạch ThảoThe Crystallization of White GrassGermanNatürliche ReinheitNatural PurityIndonesianPhysic of Purity—PortuguesePureza RestauradoraRestorative PurityTurkishSaflık İlacıItalianFisica della purezzaPhysic of Purity
References

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Nahida


Navigation
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Story[]

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Nahida Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Hello.ogg Nice to meet you! Hehe, I've actually been watching you for a long time already. My name's Nahida. I might look like a child, but don't be fooled: I understand this world much better than any grown-up. So... can we trade knowledge? I want to hear all about your travel stories. So, what would you like to know in return?
Chat: InvitationChat: InvitationMedia:VO_Nahida Chat - Invitation.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Chat_-_Invitation.ogg If you're not sure what to do next, how about I take you on a walk?
Chat: ConcernsChat: ConcernsMedia:VO_Nahida Chat - Concerns.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Chat_-_Concerns.ogg Something on your mind again? Let's work through it together. Two heads are better than one.
Chat: FeelingsChat: FeelingsMedia:VO_Nahida Chat - Feelings.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Chat_-_Feelings.ogg What they say is true: You have to see the world for yourself to appreciate how beautiful it is.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Nahida When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_When_It_Rains.ogg Quick, let's find shelter, or mushrooms will start growing on our heads.
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Nahida When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Did you know that the sound of thunder is the prelude to new life? *sigh* Soon, this land will be brimming with vitality.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Nahida When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_When_It_Snows.ogg Can you hear that? The heavens are whispering to all living things, "It's time for bed now."
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Nahida When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg Ah, the weather is lovely and warm. Things are about to start getting lively again.
When It's WindyWhen It's WindyMedia:VO_Nahida When It's Windy.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_When_It%27s_Windy.ogg The wind never blows in the Sanctuary of Surasthana... Oh, sorry. That's probably obvious to you.
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Nahida Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Good_Morning.ogg Good morning. We should get going right away. There are too many things in this world that you'll miss if you don't get there on time.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Nahida Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Good_Afternoon.ogg Ah, time for a break. I'd really like a Berry & Mint Burst... If you get one for me, I'll tell you a couple of stories about the sun. Okay?
Good Evening Friendship Lv. 4Good Evening Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Nahida Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Good_Evening.ogg The sun's setting. It's time to wave goodbye and let the creatures of the night take center stage.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Nahida Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Good_Night.ogg You should go to sleep now. Don't worry, I've made sure there's a sweet dream waiting for you.
About Nahida: KnowledgeAbout Nahida: KnowledgeMedia:VO_Nahida About Nahida - Knowledge.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Nahida_-_Knowledge.ogg Oh, the Mare Jivari? A place without anything at all, completely empty — just like a Shroomboar's brain. Of course I know it. ...Hmm? I, uh... It's true, I've never seen it with my own eyes. It's one of the many places beyond my reach.
About Nahida: Obsession Friendship Lv. 4About Nahida: Obsession Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Nahida About Nahida - Obsession.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Nahida_-_Obsession.ogg The gods gave humans barely enough knowledge for them to fill their stomachs. Yet, they used it to craft tools, write books, and build cities, and now they've set their sights on the stars and the abyss... With every moment that goes by, they're creating brand-new knowledge, so I never want to take my eyes off them.
About Us: Story TimeAbout Us: Story TimeMedia:VO_Nahida About Us - Story Time.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Us_-_Story_Time.ogg The things you've experienced on your journey are so much more exciting than anything I've ever learned. And now, I get to ask you about all of it any time I want, so I can understand each and every little detail... I couldn't ask for more. Alright, let's not waste any more time. Now where were we...?
About Us: Journey Friendship Lv. 6 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout Us: Journey Friendship Lv. 6 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Nahida About Us - Journey.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Us_-_Journey.ogg Being a listener has never been enough for me. I've always dreamed of going out and seeing things for myself. You're such an experienced adventurer... Can you be my guide? I want to experience all your future tales first-hand.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Nahida About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_the_Vision.ogg The heavens grew eyes to behold the true beauty of the world below, but humans already have eyes to begin with. So, what is it they see when they look at the world not with their eyes, but their vision? You're very smart. Can you figure out what the answer is?
Something to ShareSomething to ShareMedia:VO_Nahida Something to Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Something_to_Share.ogg Very often, only once we get hurt badly are we finally forced to face our own laziness, ignorance, recklessness, or arrogance. There's nothing to regret, though. We have no way of seeing all the possibilities that lie ahead in the future, so we have to rely on clumsy trial-and-error to gain knowledge. Just think of pain as the tuition you have to pay.
Interesting Things: A Flower Yet to BlossomInteresting Things: A Flower Yet to BlossomMedia:VO_Nahida Interesting Things - A Flower Yet to Blossom.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Interesting_Things_-_A_Flower_Yet_to_Blossom.ogg Sumeru's desert looks more desolate than the rainforest, but it's also home to an ancient civilization, and supports its own stable ecosystem. One day, when it finally stops arguing with the rainforest, I'm sure that flowers will blossom there, the likes of which I've never seen before.
About Cyno: Jokes Friendship Lv. 4About Cyno: Jokes Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Nahida About Cyno - Jokes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Cyno_-_Jokes.ogg His jokes are like buried treasure: gems hidden beneath the surface. They're a lot of fun. Hmm? Well, which part didn't you get? Okay, I can explain it for you.
About Cyno: Duty Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout Cyno: Duty Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Nahida About Cyno - Duty.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Cyno_-_Duty.ogg Not every General Mahamatra would take such a clear-cut and decisive stance when faced with a conflict between order and justice. He must know only too well that compromise is a path that leads to a dead end, so it's extremely fortunate for all of Sumeru that he's now been able to return to his rightful post.
About Tighnari Friendship Lv. 4About Tighnari Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Nahida About Tighnari.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Tighnari.ogg The Forest Watchers played an essential role in helping the rainforest to withstand the Withering and continue to flourish, and Tighnari is the best of them all. Still... I do hope he learns to be a little gentler with people. Otherwise, it's gonna be difficult for the Forest Rangers to attract new top talent.
About Collei Friendship Lv. 4About Collei Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Nahida About Collei.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Collei.ogg When I heard her story for the first time, her tenacity shone through like a dazzling gemstone. She's been through so much... I hope that just as the rainforest supports all kinds of life, Sumeru will always provide a safe and nurturing environment for her, so that she can grow up healthy and strong.
About Alhaitham Friendship Lv. 4About Alhaitham Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Nahida About Alhaitham.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Alhaitham.ogg He holds a body of knowledge more advanced than most could imagine, and his mind is constantly thinking, so maybe nothing in this world could ever fool him. But is the wise man truly wise to view the mediocre majority as defective? Because without them, there is no us.
About Nilou Friendship Lv. 4About Nilou Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Nahida About Nilou.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Nilou.ogg I once borrowed someone else's body to ask her if she'd mind allowing Lesser Lord Kusanali to watch her dance... Actually, I had already watched her lots of times before in secret, but I wanted to attend her dance at the Sabzeruz Festival properly, in person, as a sign of respect. Anyway, it turned out that she gently declined the offer... I was a little sad about that.
About Dori Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout Dori Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Nahida About Dori.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Dori.ogg The first thing she said when she saw me was "Nice palace. How much?" Of course, I couldn't possibly sell her the Sanctuary of Surasthana. But still, her question had me stumped. I thought about it long and hard, but I still can't figure out how much Mora it's worth...
About Kaveh Friendship Lv. 4About Kaveh Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Nahida About Kaveh.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Kaveh.ogg He has an almost-perfect grasp of what it truly means for Sumeru to be a Nation of Wisdom. Sadly, the truth as he understands it will never be accepted as the mainstream. Hmm? He's roommates with Alhaitham? Wow... the world really is full of surprises...
About Faruzan Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout Faruzan Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Nahida About Faruzan.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Faruzan.ogg She is suffering from exposure to remnants of King Deshret's power. It's as if the great tortoise of time accidentally threw her off its back and left her suspended in the past. If you're interested, you should be able to catch a glimpse of Sumeru from a bygone age through her.
About The Seven: Introduction Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout The Seven: Introduction Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Nahida About The Seven - Introduction.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_The_Seven_-_Introduction.ogg I'm led to believe that long, long ago, the Seven Archons used to stay in regular contact with each other. I'm a bit of a special case though, so I don't have any memory of that time... Now that things have settled down in Sumeru, I think it's about time I made contact with them again. You're on familiar terms with some of them, right? Would you mind introducing me?
About The Seven: Games Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout The Seven: Games Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Nahida About The Seven - Games.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_The_Seven_-_Games.ogg I hear that playing games is a good way to quickly bring people closer together. I'm sure it must work for gods, too. How about once everyone meets up, I suggest we play hopscotch together? ...Hmm, on second thought, maybe not. If I draw the squares, It would look like I made them really small on purpose just so I could win. That wouldn't be fair on the others.
About The Balladeer Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout The Balladeer Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Nahida About The Balladeer.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_The_Balladeer.ogg When he finally achieved the ambition he thought he'd been pursuing all along, was he content at last, or only emptier still? We only yearn for the skies because we cannot fly... Hmm, perhaps he should reflect on this once he has held the sheer emptiness of the skies in his grasp.
About Furina Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Furina Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Nahida About Furina.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_About_Furina.ogg People often say that wisdom isn't about what you know, but knowing what you can change. It is beyond question that the "prophecy" was carved into Irminsul long ago... and while it may look like nothing has changed, it also seems like everything has. I think we both know her to be smart enough to turn the fate of the world around.
More About Nahida: IMore About Nahida: IMedia:VO_Nahida More About Nahida - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_More_About_Nahida_-_01.ogg My past is quite monotonous. I could tell you about it, but it wouldn't be long before you let out a great, big yawn, like a Pufferfish taking in a big gulp of water. But curiosity is worth its weight in gold, and I wouldn't want yours to go to waste... I know — let me tell you about all the dreams I've had.
More About Nahida: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Nahida: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Nahida More About Nahida - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_More_About_Nahida_-_02.ogg In my dreams, there's often a flower pot. Every time I water it and add fresh fertilizer, the same flower grows. Can you still enjoy the process of growing flowers when you already know the exact outcome in advance? Hehe, well, for me, I'm glad that at least after the flower has blossomed, it attracts different colored butterflies each time, and sometimes even bees.
More About Nahida: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Nahida: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Nahida More About Nahida - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_More_About_Nahida_-_03.ogg In my dreams, there's often an hourglass. I like to add a few drops of water. Then, I shake it up, and time how long it takes to settle, and see if there's any difference from the last time. There's no reasoning behind it and nothing to gain out of it, but somehow it seems to relieve the exhaustion in my brain. I think that the fact that it's for nothing is what makes it fun for me.
More About Nahida: IV Friendship Lv. 5 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMore About Nahida: IV Friendship Lv. 5 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Nahida More About Nahida - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_More_About_Nahida_-_04.ogg In my dreams, there's often an empty space. No matter how the scenery changes around it, the emptiness always occupies the most important place. Strange, isn't it? I think there used to be something there, but for all the power I have over dreams, I still can't find the answer as to what it was. Ugh, seems like even in my dreams, there are things that I can't control...
More About Nahida: V Friendship Lv. 6 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMore About Nahida: V Friendship Lv. 6 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Nahida More About Nahida - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_More_About_Nahida_-_05.ogg In my dreams, there can be anything — anything except people coming and going. But since meeting you, it's gradually started to get more lively here... Maybe you're a guide, adding a human touch to my dreams and leading me out from my cage. Hehe, c'mon, let's go. The journey's only just beginning, and I'd like you to carry on leading the way.
Nahida's Hobbies...Nahida's Hobbies...Media:VO_Nahida Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Hobbies.ogg Umm... does watching you count as a hobby? Because everything you do fascinates me. You're traveling the whole world... Where did you come from, and where will you go next? Who will you meet, and what challenges will you have to overcome? I want to know the answers to all these questions and more. So please don't mind me, I just wanna keep on watching you, all the time.
Nahida's Troubles...Nahida's Troubles...Media:VO_Nahida Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Troubles.ogg I think I'm good at asking the right questions and giving good answers, but I've come to realize that a lot of people just convince themselves they don't understand. The answers to their problems don't help them. It seems to me that as people grow older, they lose the courage to question things and accept the truth...
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Nahida Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Favorite_Food.ogg Definitely Candied Ajilenakh Nuts. I just need one little bite and my brain starts chugging away at top speed, and suddenly there's no problem too difficult for me to solve. The only thing you need to watch out for is: Don't put the jar somewhere that's too easy to reach.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Nahida Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg Sea creatures are born into infinite darkness and live their lives in the depths of the ocean. It's a complete unknown to me. Eating them is like swallowing an icky storm cloud.
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Nahida Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg Mm, may the world never forget this beautiful flavor. Thank you.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Nahida Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg Hehe, I really appreciate this. It tastes lovely.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Nahida Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg ...How should I put this? I guess... you wouldn't feed Shroomboars to a Sumpter Beast, would you?
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Nahida Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Birthday.ogg I was thinking, your birthday celebration needs to be at least as grand as the Sabzeruz Festival, so... Hmm? Too much? But everyone's already done preparing for it. C'mon, c'mon, let's go! Just this once — I'll make sure you love it!
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Nahida Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg I'm getting smarter!
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Nahida Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg My mind is growing even bigger. It feels like you could fit the entire sky and ocean inside it.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Nahida Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg I feel like a Nilotpala Lotus that's been reunited with its leaves, or a Sango Pearl that's found its shell.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Nahida Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg Thank you for allowing me to be your companion, and for teaching me so many new things. As the God of Wisdom, I grant to you my blessing: From here onward, may your journey be free from confusion that clouds your mind and obstacles that block your path.
Combat[]
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Nahida Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg (Tap) Committed to memory.Media:VO Nahida Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg (Tap) Grow, grow, grow.Media:VO Nahida Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg (Tap) This might hurt a little.Media:VO Nahida Elemental Skill 1 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Elemental_Skill_1_04.ogg (Hold) Hey!Media:VO Nahida Elemental Skill 1 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Elemental_Skill_1_05.ogg (Hold) Everyone hold hands~Media:VO Nahida Elemental Skill 1 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Elemental_Skill_1_06.ogg (Hold) I see everything.Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Nahida Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Make yourselves at home~Media:VO Nahida Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Share in my knowledge.Media:VO Nahida Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg The Temple of Wisdom.Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Nahida Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Nahida Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Nahida Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndNahida does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Nahida Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Nahida Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Nahida Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Nahida Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg Curiosity deserves a reward.Media:VO Nahida Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg I wonder who this gift could be from.Media:VO Nahida Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Find anything you like?Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Nahida Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Low_HP_01.ogg Let's change tactics.Media:VO Nahida Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Low_HP_02.ogg Stop fighting!Media:VO Nahida Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Low_HP_03.ogg This was unwise...Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Nahida Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Let me put my mind to it.Media:VO Nahida Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Don't bite off more than you can chew.FallenFallenMedia:VO Nahida Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Fallen_01.ogg No life... lasts forever...Media:VO Nahida Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Fallen_02.ogg I'm... withering...Media:VO Nahida Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Fallen_03.ogg I don't... understand...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Nahida Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Nahida Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Nahida Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Nahida Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Nahida Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Nahida Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Nahida Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg That really hurt...Media:VO Nahida Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg I'm seeing stars...Media:VO Nahida Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Nahida Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Nahida Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Nahida Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Nahida Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Joining_Party_01.ogg I've been waiting for you for ages.Media:VO Nahida Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Joining_Party_02.ogg There are still so many places for us to explore.Media:VO Nahida Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Joining_Party_03.ogg Time to broaden our horizons again.Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Media:VO Nahida Standby 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Standby_02.ogg Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Nahida Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Nahida Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Nahida Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Nahida Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Nahida Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Nahida Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Nahida Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Nahida Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Nahida Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Nahida Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Nahida Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Nahida Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Nahida Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Nahida Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Nahida Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Nahida Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Nahida Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Nahida Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Nahida Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Nahida Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Nahida Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Nahida Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Nahida Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Nahida Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Nahida_Jumping_05.ogg 
Navigation[]
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Nahida










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Nahida can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining her and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 A Farewell Brief to Bustle and Bother
4.2 Amidst Scents and Serenity


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets[]
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Nahida has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsA Farewell Brief to Bustle and Bother 20 1 20,000Amidst Scents and Serenity 20 2 20,000
Idle Quotes[]

 Analogy...
 Broaden horizons...
 Dream...
 Knowledge...
 Observation...
(When the player is nearby)
 I'm here...
 New stories...

Dialogue[]

Media:vo nahida mimitomo hello 01.ogg Nahida: I'm here, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)!
Media:vo nahida mimitomo hello 02.ogg Nahida: Do you have a new story for me? I'll trade you some Candied Ajilenakh Nuts — I made them myself.
 How do you like it here?
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Nahida: I think the answer to that should be pretty obvious.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Nahida: You should be able to tell from just one look, like when you peer into a crystal-clear lake and you can see all the fish swimming around inside of it.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Nahida: It's very pleasant here. Even the wind brushing against my toes feels soft and gentle. So of course, I love it.
 Glad to hear it.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Nahida: As much as a little bird might love exploring the forests and mountains, tasting new and different fruits every day...
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Nahida: ...After a long flight, it still needs a place to land and rest its weary wings.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Nahida: So I'm glad that I can roost here in your nest for a while.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Nahida: Also, it's much more spacious here than a birdcage.
 Stay as long as you like, Nahida.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Nahida: Thank you for being so kind. I know that you mean it, and I'll make the most of my stay here.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Nahida: Sure, but instead of diving into story time, let's talk about what's troubling you.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Nahida: I'm sure you're wondering how I knew.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Nahida: Well, your troubles are written on your face, silly! I'm always observing you, you know.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Nahida: You look as miserable as a Lavender Melon that's been struck by lightning.
 I feel like nothing's been going my way lately...
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Nahida: Don't lose heart. Sometimes you might feel like you're the unluckiest person in the world, but for all you know, it could also just be an unfortunate situation.
 What's the difference?
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 06a.ogg Nahida: Well, to use an analogy... Let's say a Rishboland Tiger ate a fox and got the runs.
 Can you whip out one of your analogies?
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 06b.ogg Nahida: Hmm... Well, let's say a Rishboland Tiger ate a fox and got diarrhea.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Nahida: You can't know for sure whether the diarrhea was caused by eating the fox or by something inside the fox's stomach. Does that make sense?
 Barely.
 I get it.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Nahida: If Rishboland Tigers stopped eating foxes out of fear of diarrhea, they would have become extinct a long time ago.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Nahida: As long as the Rishboland Tiger keeps eating foxes, and as long as we keep living our lives, we'll experience all kinds of different situations. Fortunate, unfortunate, and everything in between.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Nahida: There, there. You're doing great. Have a headpat.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Anything you want to do?
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Nahida: May I start with a question, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)? Do you really enjoy collecting things?
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Nahida: Sometimes you remind me of a Sumpter Beast, plodding along with a big pack full of materials and supplies.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Nahida: I'm quite curious. You already have more than enough resources to last a lifetime, so why do you keep bringing everything with you?
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Nahida: And why do you still collect even more during your travels?
 You're right. It's because I enjoy it.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05a 1.ogg Nahida: Mm, yes, I thought so. Okay, that makes sense.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05a 2.ogg Nahida: People do sometimes act irrationally for the sake of pursuing their interests.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05a 3.ogg Nahida: Just like the Forest Boar that fell in love with a Shroom-Kin. It changed its own form just to ensure the Shroom-Kin's survival.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05a 4.ogg Nahida: In the end, they were eaten together as a delicacy... Um, but that's besides the point.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05a 5.ogg Nahida: I don't feel one way or another about collecting, but since it's something you enjoy, I'd like to join in and see what it's like.
 I'd say it's more of a habit than a hobby.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 1.ogg Nahida: A habit? Oh, I see.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 2.ogg Nahida: So what about forging weapons, cooking, and making Condensed Resin? They're useful behaviors that benefit you. Is that why they've turned into habits as well?
 That sounds about right.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 3.ogg Nahida: So what about... making lots of friends, helping them solve their problems, and reading their letters from front to back? Are those habits, too?
 Well, not exactly...
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 4.ogg Nahida: Don't worry, I'm not trying to pry, and I wouldn't let something like that affect what I think of you.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 5.ogg Nahida: I know there are definitely good reasons for your behavior. I'm only asking out of curiosity.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 05b 6.ogg Nahida: Since you are also driven by emotions, maybe you can understand my thoughts right now.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Nahida: I want to travel across this vast land with you, experience everything you enjoy, and do all the things you do.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Nahida: Will you indulge my curiosity... and will you accept my request?
 Of course I will.
 It's a promise.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Nahida: Then let's face the sun and pick the first Mint we find.
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Morning, Nahida.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo morning 01.ogg Nahida: Today's sunrise is the same splendid color as the breast feathers of a Dusk Bird.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo morning 02.ogg Nahida: I'm really curious to find out what the first thing you'll do today is.
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Nahida.
Media:vo nahida mimitomo night 01.ogg Nahida: Good night, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo nahida mimitomo night 02.ogg Nahida: Why don't you take a final trip to the bathroom before bed?
Media:vo nahida mimitomo night 03.ogg Nahida: It'll improve the quality of your sleep. Seems like very helpful advice, so are you gonna take it?

Special Dialogue[]
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

A Farewell Brief to Bustle and Bother[]

Media:vo mimitomo xm nahida bedroom 01.ogg Nahida: It's peaceful here, like... a leaf floating in the middle of a perfectly still pond...
Media:vo mimitomo xm nahida bedroom 02.ogg Nahida: Let me be a little firefly taking a rest on that leaf. When night falls, all the stars in the sky will adorn your dreams.
Media:vo mimitomo xm nahida bedroom 03.ogg Nahida: I hope you have sweet dreams tonight.

Amidst Scents and Serenity[]

Media:vo mimitomo xm nahida garden 01.ogg Nahida: I see, so you've combined all your favorite sights from your travels into one.
Media:vo mimitomo xm nahida garden 02.ogg Nahida: Like picking all your favorite candies out from a huge pile, and building your dream house with them.
Media:vo mimitomo xm nahida garden 03.ogg Nahida: Um, do you mind if I come in from the chimney, just to take a look?

Change History[]
Released in Version 3.2[Create New History]
Navigation[]
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






