She is an investigator for Mondstadt's Adventurers' Guild, accompanied by the night raven Oz. A daring adventurer with seemingly outlandish theories that happen to turn out to be true, she claims to hail from a world beyond Teyvat.





Dunkelnacht Sakrament





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Fischl


De­scrip­tion
Fischl's outfit. The Prinzessin der Verurteilung's customary vestments during her sojourn upon this realm.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


Dunkelnacht Sakrament is Fischl's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance

1.1 Glowing Ornaments


2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
Two sections of Fischl's hair are tied into side twin tails with black ribbons, the left of which is decorated with a bat wing pattern. The rest of Fischl's hair is left loose. Her eyepatch is black.
She wears a sleeveless black lace dress-like leotard with a black lace collar and purple bow tie, crosses stitched in, and black and violet tailcoats. Fischl's Vision is tied to the back of this dress with a bat wing-style purple ribbon. Her upper back has a black tattoo of wings; whether this is permanent or easily removable is unknown.

Glowing Ornaments[]
While wearing  Dunkelnacht Sakrament, when Fischl's Elemental Burst is ready, the seven bronze-bordered purple gems on her default outfit will glow along with her Vision. One gem is on the back of her collar, one gem is in the middle of the bow at the front of her neck, two are hanging from her collar in front, one is on her leg garter, and two are at the front of her boots.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Fischl 1.mp4      Media:Idle Fischl 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Fischl.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Fischl.mp4      Media:Party Setup Fischl.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishDunkelnacht SakramentGerman: Dark Night SacramentChinese(Simplified)绮夜圣礼Qǐ Yè ShènglǐBeautiful Night Sacrament[• 1]Chinese(Traditional)綺夜聖禮Qǐ Yè ShènglǐJapanese幽夜の聖礼Yuuya no SeireiDeep Night's Holy CeremonyKorean유야의 성례Yuya-ui SeongryeLonely Night SacramentSpanishPeregrinaje nocturnoNocturnal PilgrimageFrenchDunkelnacht Sakrament—RussianТаинство ночиTainstvo nochiMystery of the NightThaiความสูงส่งแห่งรัตติกาลKhwam sungsong haeng rattikanGrandeur of the NightVietnameseThánh Lễ Đêm Kỳ ẢoMiraculous Night MassGermanSakrament der dunklen NachtSacrament of the Dark NightIndonesianDunkelnacht Sakrament—PortugueseSacramento Belo da NoiteBeautiful Sacrament of the NightTurkishGörkemli GeceMagnificent NightItalianDunkelnacht Sakrament—
↑ Chinese: 绮/綺 Qǐ can also be translated as "woven silk."


Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes











Ein Immer­nachts­traum





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Themed


Char­ac­ter
Fischl


Quality



De­scrip­tion
A ceremonial outfit for the Prinzessin. May she who is noble retain her courage, sincerity, and kindness forever, such that no evil shall ever overcome her.


How to Obtain
Character Outfit ShopResonating Visions Event (Previously)


Ein Immernachtstraum is a 4-star Character Outfit for Fischl. It is purchasable from the Character Outfit Shop.
During Version 2.8, Ein Immernachtstraum was obtainable for free as a reward from the "Resonating Visions" event, in which players had to collect Echoing and Imaging Conches scattered throughout the Golden Apple Archipelago. In Version 3.0, it became purchasable in the Character Outfit Shop for the cost of  Genesis Crystal ×1,680.

Contents

1 Appearance

1.1 Glowing Ornaments


2 Description
3 Voice-Overs
4 Outfit Showcase
5 Gallery

5.1 In-Game Assets
5.2 Animations
5.3 Turnarounds


6 Trivia
7 Other Languages
8 Change History
9 Navigation


Appearance[]
Fischl wears all of her hair down. On her head is a dark purple tiara-like accessory with ribbons.
Fischl's eye color is adjusted to crimson for this outfit. Her eyepatch is white.
She wears a dark purple dress-like bodysuit, separate dark purple sleeves, and a dark purple choker. Her bodysuit is cut at the bottom in the style of shorts and has white ruffles over her chest as well as two long extensions at the back that reach her knees. Her collar has a pale gem in the center and is connected to her bodysuit with a golden design. She also wears dark purple heels with A small purple ribbon on both shoes with gold accents. Her left sock is thigh high while the right one it reaches under her bodysuit. Her entire outfit is accented with gold and silver.

Glowing Ornaments[]
While wearing  Ein Immernachtstraum, when Fischl's Elemental Burst is ready, the pale-colored gem on her collar will glow along with her Vision.

Description[]
—Curtains Rise—
O holiest of sovereigns, high princess of Immernachtreich!
Praise her eminent rule, extol her magnanimous judgement, exalted be her rosy visage.
The thunder roars for her, and for her are towers built.
The fief-lords of Immernachtreich and The Great Sekretär, most loyal Osvaldo Hrafnavins, gather here to await her command.
And her knights, silent and stern as the majestic mountains.
The first, the Knight of Valor, armed with a sword of keenness unmatched, yea, enough to sunder dragonscale.
The second, the Knight of Sincerity, shod in armor true, enough to withstand the storm of a dragon's wings.
The third, the Knight of Charity, righteous and pure in all ways, who quailed not before any darkness.
And the other knights gathered behind them, their heads bowed beneath the tower summit, gathered at their Prinzessin's feet.
And as for the Prinzessin, she withdrew her gaze from the deep night before addressing her servants:
"Valor, Sincerity, Charity, my most excellent subjects. Follow me unto eternity."
"For I am the noblest soul in all the Immernachtreich. So long as my heart beats, I shall never forsake you."
And the knights obeyed her:
"Our swords and armor are yours. May they be for you a means to break all shackles and guard against all corruption."
"Our true hearts also we give unto you, that they may defend your noble soul."
This was their knightly oath, and they would be by her side as she hunted the wicked dragon Tasraque.
For far away, black-hearted Tasraque had ripped and devoured the all-protecting night sky and set up its lair.
It had slithered in the dark, sharpening its fangs and claws, and with its flaming breath it had scorched the Prinzessin's heart, turning her eyes red.
This was the Prinzessin's fated foe, and their showdown was inevitable.
But the prophecy of fate has already been foretold. Fair and pure souls need not fret.
Simply open one's eyes and prepare to bear witness, for she shall surely return victorious.

—Curtains Fall—
Note: According to Flowers for Princess Fischl, Princess Fischl has "crimson eyes like rubies." The actor who plays her is thus advised to make the necessary performative adjustments to maintain faithfulness to the source material.

Voice-Overs[]
These are heard when equipping the costume.
EnglishChineseJapaneseKoreanMedia:VO Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 01.ogg Bow before the true majesty of the Prinzessin!Media:VO ZH Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 01.ogg 臣服吧，此即为幽夜皇女本真之姿！Chénfú ba, cǐjí wéi Yōuyè Huángnǚ běn zhēn zhī zī!(Submit your allegiance! This is the true appearance of the Shadowed Night Princess herself!)Media:VO JA Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 01.ogg 臣服せよ！これぞ、幽夜皇女の真の姿である！Shinpuku seyo! Kore zo, Yuuya Koujo no shin no sugata de aru!(Submit as my subject! This is the true form of the Murky Night Princess!)Media:VO KO Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 01.ogg 복종하라! 이것이 바로 유야 황녀 본연의 모습일지니!Bokjonghara! Igeosi baro yuya hwangnyeo bonyeon-ui moseubiljini!(Obey! This is the Lonely night princess' Original form!)Media:VO Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 02.ogg Mein Auge der Verurteilung reveals unto me the fates of worlds too numerous to count.Media:VO ZH Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 02.ogg 万千世界的命运，已于此断罪之眼中显现。Wànqiān shìjiè de mìngyùn, yǐ yú cǐ Duànzuì zhī Yǎn zhōng xiǎnxiàn.(The fate of thousands upon ten thousands of worlds, have all made themselves apparent within my Eye of Judgement.)Media:VO JA Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 02.ogg 万千世界の命運が、この断罪の目に顕現した。Bansen sekai no meiun ga, kono Danzai no Me ni kengen shita.(The fate of thousands upon ten thousands of worlds has manifested in my Eye of Judgement.)Media:VO KO Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 02.ogg 무수한 세계의 운명이 이 단죄의 땅을 들어놨도다!Musuhan segye-ui unmyeong-i i danjoe-ui ttangeul deureonwatttoda!(The destiny of countless world brought out this land of conviction!)Media:VO Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 03.ogg My flesh is robed in the very tapestry of the heavens... Yes, a garment fit for a Prinzessin.Media:VO ZH Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 03.ogg 幻夜星辰着于此身。嗯~这正是配得上本皇女的衣装。Huànyè xīngchén zhuó yú cǐ shēn. Ng~ Zhè zhèngshì pèi dé shàng běn Huángnǚ de yīzhuāng.(The stars of the illusory night clothe this body. Mmm~ This is precisely a garment that is worthy of me, the Princess.)Media:VO JA Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 03.ogg 幻夜星辰をこの身に纏わん。えへん～これこそ、皇女に相応しい装束。Gen'ya seishin wo kono mi ni matowan. Ehen~ Korekoso, koujo ni fusawashii shouzoku.(Let this body be clad in the celestial bodies of the illusory night. Mm~ This is an attire worthy of a princess.)Media:VO KO Fischl Ein Immernachtstraum 03.ogg 환야의 별이 이 몸에 깃들었군. 으음~ 이 옷이야말로 본 황녀에게 걸맞은 옷이지Hwanya-ui byeol-i i mome gittteureotkkun. Eueum~ i osiyamallo bon hwangnyeoege geolmajeun osiji(The star of the fantasy night clothe this body. Mmm~ This is precisely a garment that is worthy of me, the Princess.)
Outfit Showcase[]
"Bow before the true majesty of the Prinzessin!" – Fischl's New Outfit Showcase "Ein Immernachtstraum"


Gallery[]
Outfit Teaser- Teyvat Style – Silhouettes of the Night - Genshin ImpactPlayStation.Blog ShowcasePreview from Summer Fantasia
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Ein Immernachtstraum 1.mp4      Media:Idle Ein Immernachtstraum 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Ein Immernachtstraum.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Ein Immernachtstraum.mp4      Media:Party Setup Ein Immernachtstraum.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Trivia[]
The name of this outfit seems to be based off the German title for A Midsummer Night's Dream (German: Ein Sommernachtstraum).
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishEin ImmernachtstraumGerman: An Eternal Night's DreamChinese(Simplified)极夜真梦Jíyè ZhēnmèngTrue Dream of Polar NightChinese(Traditional)極夜真夢Jíyè ZhēnmèngJapanese極夜の真夢Kyokuya no Shinmu‍[!][!]Assumed readingTrue Dream of Polar NightKorean극야극야極夜의 진실진실眞實된 꿈Geuk'ya-ui Jinsildoen KkumPolar Night's Sincere DreamSpanishSueños eternosEternal DreamsFrenchSonge de la nuit éternelleDream of the Eternal NightRussianСон вечной ночиSon vechnoy nochiAn Eternal Night's DreamThaiห้วงฝันแห่งรัตติกาลHuang Fan haeng Rat-ti-kanDream Abyss of NighttimeVietnameseGiấc Mộng Đêm KhuyaLate Night DreamGermanEin Immernachtstraum—IndonesianEin Immernachtstraum—PortugueseSonho da Noite EternaDream of the Eternal NightTurkishEin Immernachtstraum—ItalianEin Immernachtstraum—
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.8[Edit History]Version 3.0
Ein Immernachtstraum was made purchasable from the Character Outfit Shop for  Genesis Crystal ×1,680.

Version 2.8

2022-07-21: Fixed the abnormal display of avatar images.
2022-07-15: Ein Immernachtstraum was released.
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
A mysterious girl who calls herself "Prinzessin der Verurteilung" and travels with a night raven named Oz. Currently serves as an investigator in the Adventurers' Guild.Through her unique abilities, eccentric character, and (while she would never admit it herself) hard work, Fischl has become a rising star among the Adventurers' Guild's investigators, earning the recognition of all.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction
4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Flowers for Princess Fischl: Phantasmagoria
4.8 Vision


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 World Quests
7.2 Commissions
7.3 Events
7.4 Web Events


8 Character Trials

8.1 Quests
8.2 Quest Domains
8.3 Events
8.4 Test Run Events


9 Character Mentions

9.1 Character Stories
9.2 Character Voice-Overs


10 Mail
11 Trivia

11.1 Etymology


12 Other Languages

12.1 Character Title: Prinzessin der Verurteilung!


13 References
14 Navigation


Personality
A mysterious girl who calls herself "Prinzessin der Verurteilung" and travels with a night raven named Oz.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Due to her upbringing as a child, Fischl is obsessed with fantasy stories and roleplays as a benevolent princess. She speaks in a polite and formal manner to all, which greatly confuses those who interact with her. For this purpose, Oz ends up translating most of her speech if they are confused. She is so used to speaking this way that breaking character ends up confusing the people she talks to just as much as staying in character. Fischl has a knack for investigating in part due to her own theories and Oz, which has allowed her to quickly climb up the ranks of the Adventurers' Guild. Even when her ideas sound outlandish, such as claiming a meteor shower to be the result of a curse, Oz is quick to ask others not to underestimate her intuition, as her instincts are very keen.
Outside of guild duties, many people view her strangely due to her her antics and roleplay, while this sometimes bothers her, she continues roleplaying regardless because it's her passion. She has very few friends and appreciates those who are willing to go along with her despite her eccentricities.
Outside of roleplaying, she is a kind and well-behaved yet bashful girl. She gets along well with her parents, even if she doesn't spend much time with them or they disagree with some of her decisions. Lisa, who generally gets in a bad mood when people neglect the books they borrow from the library, states that Fischl always keeps the books she borrows in good condition and returns them early. She cares about her friends and peers, even if not particularly close, showing concern about the well-being of her "retinue" (Fellow Adventurers' Guild members). When she unintentionally breaks character or reveals something about herself, she often gets flustered. She tends not to dwell too much on the past, trying to see herself as Fischl, not as her true identity, who she considers a different person, as thinking of her past brings her sadness. Deep down, she can also be quite self-deprecating and insecure, having a hard time taking setbacks well, this can cause her to cling to the escapism and comfort of her persona.

Appearance
See also: Dunkelnacht Sakrament and Ein Immernachtstraum
Fischl uses the medium female model. She has fair skin and blonde hair that extends to the middle of her back. Her visible eye is light green. Over her left eye, she wears an eyepatch that is almost entirely covered by her bangs.
Fischl styles herself after the titular character of the book Flowers for Princess Fischl.

Official Introduction
The Prinzessin der Verurteilung - Fischl
Face this false world with pride, my daughter. Enact the 'truth' within your heart.—Flowers for Princess Fischl - Final Chapter: Princess Tears and Sinful Saints
Fischl, Prinzessin der Verurteilung of the outer realm Immernachtreich, and her kin, the night-bringing raven. Answering the call of destiny, we have descended upon Teyvat.
Fischl introduces herself to every member of the Adventurers' Guild in this way.
Due to her shared vision with the raven Oz, Fischl was able to join the Adventurers' Guild and become an investigator with ease.
Initially, it gave members of the Guild great difficulty to comprehend what Fischl was saying. But thanks to her tireless toil, and Oz's industrious interpretation, everyone was finally able to understand her.
Though eccentric in word and deed, this investigator's reconnaissance is swift and her intelligence accurate, traits that allowed her to gradually win everyone's trust.
It helps that Fischl is also a very kind person.
"Oz, my familiar... spread your wings that eclipse the sun, and keep watch over the one to whom ill fate clings like a shroud."
"Yes, mein Fräulein."
Today, Fischl shall also show concern for the masses of the Adventurers' Guild in her own manner.

Character Stories
Character Details
Fischl is the Prinzessin der Verurteilung who arrived here after being exiled from the otherworld, "Immernachtreich."She "observes and weaves the threads of fate" together with her talking night raven familiar, Oz.Owing to reasons she cannot and Oz will not explain, Fischl now serves the Adventurers' Guild as an investigator.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
As an investigator for the Adventurers' Guild, the single biggest advantage Fischl has over her peers is Oz."Milady, please stop sending me out to spy on Stormterror. That chap could eat me for breakfast! Well, I'm so puny I probably wouldn't even get caught between his teeth, but... Anyway, I don't want to die!""Hmph! You are supposed to be my familiar. Not everyone gets to be the Prinzessin der Verurteilung's familiar, do you understand? Consider it your honor to dedicate your life to serving me!"Fischl is able to see through Oz's eyes. Whenever she wants to, she possesses Oz and looks down upon the earth from the sky.Whether she wants to inspect the flora on the Stormbearer Mountains or observe a disturbance in Wolvendom, through Oz she can see anything and everything.Thanks largely to her unique ability — and, to a lesser extent, to her own effort and peculiar personality — Fischl quickly went from the rookie investigator of the Adventurers' Guild to a respected rising star of the organization.She's certainly done well for herself. She only landed the coveted position of Investigator at age fourteen in the first place because her parents managed to persuade the guild master.Then again, would they really have had to do much persuading? If she's the Prinzessin der Verurteilung... one can only assume that would make them the Kaiser und Kaiserin der Verurteilung.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
It's said that there is currently a "Fischl Dictionary" in circulation among the adventurers.Namely, a book that aims to translate Fischl's peculiar way of speaking into something more understandable.For example:"I hear... echoing in the abyss of time, the burning winds of the old, all of which shape the spire forgotten in the torrents of karma" would translate into "Stormterror's Lair";"Servants of the Verurteilung name! As you have requested, prepare to receive the great wisdom of the prinzessin" would be "I'll look into that and let you know ASAP";"Rejoice! O, ye servants who long for the blessing of the prinzessin; venture now deep into the battlefield with hearts of the tiger" means that the initial investigative work has been completed;"All has been written in this tome of dark prophecies" simply means that her journal has been updated with the latest reports.However, the "Fischl Dictionary" is actually just an in-joke, not a real book.Those who are familiar with Fischl concentrate on what she means to say, not the way in which she says it; she notices this and takes it as a sign of true respect."Aha! So you do understand. Then fate does indeed bring kindred spirits together."Those who manage to adopt her speech mannerisms when they respond to her will find she is both delighted and bashful, and praises their language-learning ability."A prinzessin should always give praise where praise is due... Now, let us converse some more. Do not be mistaken; these are to be the foundations of the new world..."Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
Oz and Princess Fischl are not only close friends but also servant and master, with a shared soul and fate.Their first encounter was mentioned in "Flowers for Princess Fischl (I): End Time Zersetzung"When the lone pilgrimaging princess reached the kingdom of eternal twilight, the fate-resisting royals chose to deny everything in their desperation.They refused to recognize Fischl's noble stature and mission as the princess of the Immernachtreich; denied their 13,000-year lineage as a branch of the royal family; and forsook their own nobility and restraints as humans... devolving into clumsy and vicious beasts.In the palace of Twilight and amidst the teeth of the beasts, the princess shed her sacred blood on the ancient emblem.At the moment of her peril, the dark wings of the night ripped the trapped, wounded princess from her despair and took her under its wings.Following the scent of her noble blood, Ozvaldo Hrafnavins, the King of Ravens came to the princess and pledged his eternal loyalty.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
There is a story that goes as follows. A long time ago in a place far, far away, there was a tiny little girl.The girl's parents were busy adventurers. She spent most of her childhood in the library, traversing the countless universes that were contained in the pages of the library books.She became the ruler of the Immernachtreich, summoned Thundering Retribution as a royal princess, and formed a soul bond with a Raven......"▉▉▉, what books did you read today?" Her parents asked her on one of the rare occasions that they were home between adventures.She proceeded to tell them the story she had read from her favorite series."...And then he said, Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort, you are the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, my proud daughter. You shall never surrender your nobility and dreams.'""Oh, that's a lovely story. Since you like it so much, ▉▉▉, how about I call you "Fischl" too?" Her father smiled, put his hand on her head and repeated the words from the story to her."Fischl, you are my wonderful princess and my proud daughter. You shall never surrender your nobility and dreams."These kind and loving words lit up her world.However, the time with her busy parents was always fleeting.Unable to fit in with her peers due to her obsession with fantasy novels, she often felt lonely and sad. At these times, she would remind herself:"I am Fischl, my daddy's wonderful princess. It's true, because Mommy and Daddy said so...""Never will I surrender my nobility and dreams, for they are... a princess' rite of passage."Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6
Just like in the universe of "Flowers for Princess Fischl," entropy begot destruction.In other words: The girl who loved to dream grew up.On her fourteenth birthday, those of her peers who refused to accommodate her quirks belittled her once again."This is but a minor setback for the noble princess. My parents will understand," she thought to herself.For if she knew one thing, it was that as a princess she could never surrender her nobility and dreams.But when she threw herself into her parents' arms in need of comfort, she was met instead with gentle words of exasperation."▉▉▉, you are fourteen years old now. It's fun to make-believe, but eventually you need to grow up and put your childish dreams behind you..."And with that, the same voice that had once lit up her world now tore it apart.That day at midnight, she hid herself in the library she knew so well. She had a strange feeling that she was being watched... Suddenly, she heard an otherworldly flapping of wings.Sure enough, she looked up and her red, swollen eyes met with those of a night raven from another world.What transpired afterwards is another story...Fischl doesn't much like this story. Thinking about it causes her to feel suffocating pain and soul-devouring loneliness.Maybe one day, this story will be written. But that would be ▉▉▉'s story, not Fischl's.Fischl has but one identity: she's the Prinzessin.As long as she remembers this simple and perfect logic, with a little bit of nobility and a touch of kindness from others, nothing can ever hurt her.Things are looking up for Prinzessin Fischl these days — not only does she have Oz, but she has finally met a traveler who, just like her, comes from a different world...Flowers for Princess Fischl: Phantasmagoria Friendship Lv. 4
The novel series "Flowers for Princess Fischl" is available as a collectible set.Due the tiny numbers in circulation, it is a priceless commodity amongst loyal fans of the author.But no matter how elegant these works are aesthetically, their worldview remains incredibly bleak:Every good, bright and noble thing must eventually fall to inexorable entropic destruction, and the final destination of the universe is the realm-in-waiting of the Prinzessin, Immernachtreich.This is the fate of all worlds, of the universe, and all who live in it.And the Prinzessin and her loyal companion, the "Night-Severing Raven Oz," Ozvaldo Hrafnavins, are the World Beasts who will swallow all dreams.At the very end, at the end of karma itself, she will grant all the gathered souls her benediction, and use her Thundering Retribution to cleanse all that is ugly and wicked.The Prinzessin will then set her own heart ablaze, and the universe shall be born anew in its immortal light.But before all this can come to pass, the Prinzessin must first roam many universes, and see countless new sights.Thus it is perfectly within the spirit of the original work that the Prinzessin should be stuck as an investigator for the Adventurers' Guild in a slightly backward world. Just a little twist of fate, nothing more.The Prinzessin will come to understand someday that each moment of her life, no matter how insignificant their little twists could be, is to be treasured.After all, the Prinzessin's very own Phantasmagoria is made out of ones such as these.Vision Friendship Lv. 6
So, is Oz just an imaginary friend who only exists as a figment of Fischl's subconscious?Our story begins with the royal heirloom, Edelstein der Dunkelheit — that is to say, Fischl's Vision.When her wish was acknowledged, the raven Oz and her Vision both appeared before her eyes.That night, at dinner, Oz got on most well with Fischl's parents:"Ah, mein Kaiser und Kaiserin der Verurteilung, forgive mine overstep, but the beans in your house are too delicious.""Oh, then please, help yourself. This is the first time little ▉▉▉ has met a friend she can bring over for dinner since she turned fourteen. This is a special occasion.""W—What are you saying! I... One does not simply cavort with the plebeians!"—And that's what happened.For all intents and purposes, it seems that the Kaiser und Kaiserin der Verurteilung could both see Oz, and both believed Oz to be the Prinzessin's first friend.As for the "Adventurer Who Bears the World's Curses," the "Visitor From Outer Worlds" and the "Strange Fae-shaped Emergency Sustenance..."They would become the Prinzessin's new friends, though that would happen even further in the future.
Namecard


Fischl: Night Raven




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with FischlDescription:A raven dark as midnight with wings that can block out the sun. "I permit thee to conceive his likeness upon such decoration!"

Constellation
CorvusMeaning:Raven 
Quests and Events
World QuestsBattlefield of Dice, Cats, and CardsCome Try Genius Invokation TCG!CommissionsAnna the Adventurer!EventsUnreconciled StarsAct I: Unknown StarAct II: The Crisis DeepensAct III: What the Skies Conceal, the Water RevealsAct IV: Where Ancient Stars AlignSummertime OdysseyI: The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!II: As the Courtyard in Spring Once AppearedAs the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 1)As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 2)As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 3)III: Blazin' TrailsBlazin' Trails (Part 3)IV: Immernachtreich ApokalypseImmernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 1)Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 3)V: The Ancient Azure StarsThe Ancient Azure Stars (Part 1)The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 2)The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 3)VI: Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer ReverieLike Rhyme and Song, the Summer ReverieOf Ballads and BrewsFavonian GoodiesFeline Fortress FurrdysseyWeb EventsSide by Side We VentureAn Unforgettable JourneyTaking Pictures and Recounting Good TimesMesmerizing Dream at SeaCanvas of Starlight MemoriesDiscover Teyvat
Character Trials
QuestsEvent Story Quest Immernachtreich Apokalypse in Summertime Odyssey:  IV - Immernachtreich ApokalypseQuest DomainsImmernachtreich Apokalypse: Part III — Event Story Quest Immernachtreich Apokalypse in Summertime Odyssey:  IV - Immernachtreich ApokalypseEventsHyakunin Ikki 2021-09-02Misty Dungeon: Realm of LightVibro-Crystal ResearchFayz TrialsTablet AnalyticsMisty Dungeon: Realm of SandVibro-Crystal VerificationFayz Trials: HypothesisMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterTriumphant FrenzyTest Run EventsKlee, Sucrose, Fischl — 2021-06-09Yae Miko, Fischl, Diona, Thoma — 2022-02-16Tighnari, Zhongli, Collei, Diona, Fischl — 2022-08-24Alhaitham, Xiao, Yaoyao, Yun Jin, Xinyan — 2023-01-18Kamisato Ayaka, Shenhe, Mika, Sucrose, Diona — 2023-03-21Baizhu, Ganyu, Kaveh, Candace, Fischl — 2023-05-02Yoimiya, Yae Miko, Kirara, Yun Jin, Chongyun — 2023-05-24Alhaitham, Kaedehara Kazuha, Yaoyao, Shikanoin Heizou — 2023-06-13Eula, Klee, Mika, Razor, Thoma — 2023-07-05Lyney, Yelan, Lynette, Bennett — 2023-08-16Zhongli, Tartaglia, Freminet, Sayu — 2023-09-05Neuvillette, Hu Tao, Xingqiu, Diona, Fischl — 2023-09-27Furina, Baizhu, Charlotte, Beidou — 2023-11-08Cyno, Kamisato Ayato, Kirara, Kuki Shinobu — 2023-11-28Navia, Kamisato Ayaka, Sucrose, Rosaria, Candace — 2023-12-20Raiden Shogun, Yoimiya, Chevreuse, Kujou Sara, Bennett — 2024-01-09Xiao, Yae Miko, Yaoyao, Xinyan, Ningguang — 2024-02-20Chiori, Arataki Itto, Gorou, Yun Jin, Dori — 2024-03-13Neuvillette, Kaedehara Kazuha, Xingqiu, Yanfei — 2024-04-02Wanderer, Baizhu, Layla, Faruzan, Beidou — 2024-05-14Clorinde, Alhaitham, Sethos, Bennett, Thoma — 2024-06-05Sigewinne, Furina, Gaming, Rosaria — 2024-06-25
Character Mentions
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesBennettCharacter Story 4Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversBennettAbout Fischl Media:VO_Bennett About Fischl.ogg Media:VO ZH_Bennett About Fischl.ogg Media:VO JA_Bennett About Fischl.ogg Media:VO KO_Bennett About Fischl.ogg Oh yeah, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung from the world beyond! She's amazing. I keep asking her if we can go adventuring in her home world together, but each time I bring it up she sort of avoids the topic... She's probably just worried about my safety. Her home world sounds like a dangerous place, for sure.ColleiAbout Fischl Media:VO_Collei About Fischl.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei About Fischl.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei About Fischl.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei About Fischl.ogg ..."Prinzessin der Verurteilung"? ...Mmm, nope, sorry. I wasn't in Mondstadt for very long, so I didn't hear of her. That name, though... *grimace*... Ahem, nothing.KaeyaAbout Fischl Media:VO_Kaeya About Fischl.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kaeya About Fischl.ogg Media:VO JA_Kaeya About Fischl.ogg Media:VO KO_Kaeya About Fischl.ogg Hmm? You think Fischl having one eye covered is very fitting given her title of Prinzessin der Verurteilung. Hahaha, if that's the case, that must also make me a descendant of some kind of former royal lineage, no?LisaAbout Fischl Media:VO_Lisa About Fischl.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lisa About Fischl.ogg Media:VO JA_Lisa About Fischl.ogg Media:VO KO_Lisa About Fischl.ogg Fischl, yes, she's always in the library looking to borrow fantasy novels. She always returns her books three days early and looks after them very well. She's a good kid.NoelleAbout Fischl: Tea Media:VO_Noelle About Fischl - Tea.ogg Media:VO ZH_Noelle About Fischl - Tea.ogg Media:VO JA_Noelle About Fischl - Tea.ogg Media:VO KO_Noelle About Fischl - Tea.ogg I think she's from another world, but I don't know the details. One thing I do know, however, is that she loves the Knights of Favonius' library. She can always be found there with her nose in a book. I bring her some refreshments whenever I go in there to clean, and she always thanks me profusely. When I say profusely... I mean she goes a bit over the top, to be honest, and... I actually don't understand half of what she's saying.About Fischl: Background Media:VO_Noelle About Fischl - Background.ogg Media:VO ZH_Noelle About Fischl - Background.ogg Media:VO JA_Noelle About Fischl - Background.ogg Media:VO KO_Noelle About Fischl - Background.ogg So once when I was cleaning the library, I noticed a book on the shelf called Flowers for Princess Fischl. At the time I assumed it was just a fantasy novel... I was so surprised to find out the main character is a real person. I could hardly believe it! She must be someone incredible to have a whole book dedicated to her.SucroseAbout Fischl Media:VO_Sucrose About Fischl.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sucrose About Fischl.ogg Media:VO JA_Sucrose About Fischl.ogg Media:VO KO_Sucrose About Fischl.ogg I take it you're referring to the book series, Flowers for Princess Fischl? Indeed, the world the author came up with is very creative. If only I could go see it with my own eyes. Oh, you're referring to Fischl herself? I am... doubtful that she could really take me there.TravelerAbout Jugemu Media:VO_Aether_About Jugemu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Aether_About Jugemu.ogg Media:VO JA_Aether_About Jugemu.ogg Media:VO KO_Aether_About Jugemu.ogg Media:VO_Lumine_About Jugemu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lumine_About Jugemu.ogg Media:VO JA_Lumine_About Jugemu.ogg Media:VO KO_Lumine_About Jugemu.ogg Paimon: In Inazuma, it's customary for parents to choose a lucky name for their child.(Traveler): Those names symbolize everyone's expectations and wishes for the child, like prosperity, wealth, good health, and safety.Paimon: Because of these expectations, parents often pick extra long names, and cram all sorts of blessings into them.(Traveler): So hypothetically, if one day a little girl fell into a lake on her way back home, then her friends might rush to her house to tell everyone, "Something bad happened!"Paimon: "Oh, what happened?"(Traveler): Ozvaldo Hrafnavins, Prinzessin der Verurteilung Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort, come quick! Centennial Genius Astrologist Mona Megistus has fallen into the water!Paimon: ...Mona falling into the water doesn't sound like an emergency situation though.(Traveler): Precisely. The fast-swimming Mona would come back home around the same time her friends are done saying her name, haha.About Fischl Media:VO_Aether_About Fischl.ogg Media:VO ZH_Aether_About Fischl.ogg Media:VO JA_Aether_About Fischl.ogg Media:VO KO_Aether_About Fischl.ogg Media:VO_Lumine_About Fischl.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lumine_About Fischl.ogg Media:VO JA_Lumine_About Fischl.ogg Media:VO KO_Lumine_About Fischl.ogg Paimon: Fischl makes a very unique impression, doesn't she?(Traveler): How so?Paimon: Well, she travels together with a talking raven, for starters.(Traveler): Well, I'm traveling with you. It's not all that different.(Traveler): Still, Oz can also translate for Fischl. You, on the other hand...Paimon: What!? Paimon's way better than some bird!(Traveler): Haha, how so?Paimon: Well, um... uh... at least Paimon doesn't need wings to fly!About Pets Media:VO_Aether_About Pets.ogg Media:VO ZH_Aether_About Pets.ogg Media:VO JA_Aether_About Pets.ogg Media:VO KO_Aether_About Pets.ogg Media:VO_Lumine_About Pets.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lumine_About Pets.ogg Media:VO JA_Lumine_About Pets.ogg Media:VO KO_Lumine_About Pets.ogg (Traveler): Speaking of Fischl, she also claims to be a "visitor from another world"...(Traveler): We're similar in that way. We even bring a pet along with us.Paimon: Pet? Now, wait just a minute, here...(Traveler): But her raven, Oz... He looks cool, and is polite to boot.(Traveler): More importantly, he can both scout and fight — very useful indeed.(Traveler): Maybe I should make arrangements with Fischl to trade companions once in a while for, say, a week or two at a time. It should be quite interesting.Paimon: Hey! Doesn't Paimon get a say in this!?About Saving Money Media:VO_Aether_About Saving Money.ogg Media:VO ZH_Aether_About Saving Money.ogg Media:VO JA_Aether_About Saving Money.ogg Media:VO KO_Aether_About Saving Money.ogg Media:VO_Lumine_About Saving Money.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lumine_About Saving Money.ogg Media:VO JA_Lumine_About Saving Money.ogg Media:VO KO_Lumine_About Saving Money.ogg Paimon: Wow, a weasel thief's backpack can really hide a lot of Mora!(Traveler): Well, it's because weasels, by nature, enjoy collecting shiny objects.Paimon: Paimon's heard that the origin of the weasel thieves has something to do with the Treasure Hoarders...Paimon: Also, aren't crows the type to collect shinies as well?Paimon: Paimon wonders if Oz has a secret stash of Mora that he collects behind Fischl's back.(Traveler): Well, now that you mention it, Paimon...(Traveler): I wonder, do you—Paimon: —Uhh... Nope. Nothing here! You won't find any Mora in Paimon's shoes, no way!
Mail
Day of Destiny... (2021-05-27)Day of Destiny... (2022-05-27)Invokation Summons... (2023-05-27)A Feline Familiar... (2024-05-27)
Trivia
Fischl is one of the characters with ornaments that glow.
While wearing her default outfit, Dunkelnacht Sakrament, when Fischl's Elemental Burst is ready, the seven bronze-bordered purple gems on her default outfit will glow along with her Vision. One gem is on the back of her collar, one gem is in the middle of the bow at the front of her neck, two are hanging from her collar in front, one is on her leg garter, and two are at the front of her boots.
While wearing her themed outfit Ein Immernachtstraum, when Fischl's Elemental Burst is ready, the pale-colored gem on her collar will glow along with her Vision.
Fischl's eyepatch and raven familiar are most likely inspired by the Norse god, Odin.
Her chosen name in full is Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort. It is mentioned in her fourth character story, a cutscene during the Unreconciled Stars event, and her 2021 birthday mail.
Despite Fischl taking on Oz's form when using her Elemental Burst, her Genius Invokation TCG Character Card's unique Dynamic Skin animation (only seen when using her Elemental Burst) shows her shooting Oz from her bow, before returning to her usual pose.
While Fischl's behavior and mannerisms are currently ascribed to roleplaying, there are suggestions that her claims have some credibility, or that the "Flowers for Princess Fischl" series from which she derives her persona is less fictional than believed:
Fischl is one of the few currently playable characters who acknowledges (or even seems aware) that the Traveler is from another world.
Fischl's favorite food is "Mitternachtsbrot des Sommernachtgartens" (Midnight Bread of the Summer Night Garden). The Sommernachtgarten is an actual place in Mondstadt, now known as Midsummer Courtyard, which was buried underground with the fall of the ancient civilization.
Lisa and Fischl share the same Korean voice actress, Park GoWoon.
Fischl, along with Keqing, was introduced to a crossover event in Honkai v4.9.[2]
Fischl is one of the four playable characters in the game to wear an eyepatch, the other three being Kaeya, Beidou, and Chevreuse.
The description of the Blooming Hedge furniture item indirectly mentions Fischl, and also implies that she frequently snaps her eyepatches.
According to Alfry, Fischl is an excellent investigator.
Fischl is known by these aliases or titles:
Ruler of the Ashen Darkness
Mein Fräulein (by Oz)
Your Highness/Her Highness (by Mona and Traveler)
Fischl is mentioned in the description of the following Furnishing: Crow
Etymology
Fischl's name derives from the German word Fisch "fish" plus the diminutive suffix -el. Thus, her name means "little fish."
In the English version, Fischl uses many German phrases:
Fischl's title, "Prinzessin der Verurteilung," is German for "Princess of Condemnation."
Her title is likely derived from the name of the Divine Halberd made by the God King in the book Legend of the Shattered Halberd (VI). As an avid reader, she may have read the whole series and taken the title for herself.
Her full name, Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort, translates to "Fischl of the Sky Castle Narfidort."
"Luftschloss" is a German phrase for "pipe dream" or an imaginary place. Her name also indicates her royal status since von is usually only used in names of noble families.
Immernachtreich, the realm where Fischl allegedly comes from, means "Realm of Eternal Night."
"End Time Zersetzung," the title of the first volume of "Flowers for Princess Fischl," means "End Time Decomposition."[3]
She calls her Vision "Edelstein der Dunkelheit," which translates to "Gem of Darkness."
Her left eye is her "Eye of Judgement" ("Auge der Verurteilung")[4]
Her constellation, Corvus, is Latin for "The Raven."[5]
In taxonomy, Corvus is the genus of the family Corvidae, which covers the various species of crows. The binomial name for a raven is Corvus corax.
In the demonology grimoire The Lesser Key of Solomon, "Amy" is a Great President of Hell in the Ars Goetia.
Other Languages
Character Title: Prinzessin der Verurteilung!

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishPrinzessin der Verurteilung!German: Princess of Condemnation!Chinese(Simplified)断罪皇女！！Duànzuì Huángnǚ!!Princess of Judgment!!Chinese(Traditional)斷罪皇女！！Duànzuì Huángnǚ!!Japanese断罪の皇女！！Danzai no Koujo!!Princess of Judgment!!Korean단죄단죄斷罪의 황녀황녀皇女!!Danjoe-ui Hwangnyeo!!Princess of Judgment!!SpanishLa Princesa del JuicioThe Princess of JudgmentFrenchPrincesse du châtiment !Princess of Punishment!RussianПринцесса осужденияPrintsessa osuzhdeniyaPrincess of ConvictionThaiเจ้าหญิงแห่งการลงทัณฑ์!!Chao-ying haeng Kan-long-than!!Princess of Punishment!!VietnameseCông Chúa Định Tội!!Princess of Punishment!!GermanPrinzessin der Verurteilung!—IndonesianPrinzessin der Verurteilung!!—PortuguesePrincesa dos PecadosPrincess of SinsTurkishAdalet Prensesi!Princess of Justice!ItalianPrinzessin der Verurteilung!—
References

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Fischl

↑ Twitter: Honkai Impact 3rd x Genshin Impact Crossover Event

↑ Wiktionary, Zersetzung

↑ YouTube: New Character Announcement - "Fischl can't lose just yet!" (Official English subtitles)

↑ Wiktionary, corvus


Navigation
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story
2 Combat
3 Trivia
4 Navigation


Story

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Fischl Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Hello.ogg Fischl: I, Fischl, Prinzessin der Verurteilung, descend upon this land by the call of fate an— Oh, you are also a traveler from another world? Very well, I grant you permission to travel with me.Oz: She means, "Nice to meet you."
Chat: Whispers of DestinyChat: Whispers of DestinyMedia:VO_Fischl Chat - Whispers of Destiny.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Chat_-_Whispers_of_Destiny.ogg I hear the voice of fate, speaking my name in humble supplication...
Chat: Creation of the WorldChat: Creation of the WorldMedia:VO_Fischl Chat - Creation of the World.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Chat_-_Creation_of_the_World.ogg Hm-hm, may the glory of the Prinzessin bring light to this world.
Chat: One From the BeyondChat: One From the BeyondMedia:VO_Fischl Chat - One From the Beyond.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Chat_-_One_From_the_Beyond.ogg Fischl: I do worry about the well-being of my retinue during my impromptu absence...Oz: I'm sure the good people of the Adventurers' Guild are absolutely fine, mein Fräulein.
After the RainAfter the RainMedia:VO_Fischl After the Rain.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_After_the_Rain.ogg Oh, the sun's out— Oh, um... This meteorological transformation is most splendid! Like a felicitous twist of fate in the face of certain doom.
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Fischl When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Fischl: Hark! 'Tis Thundering Retribution, an omen of dark times ahead...Oz: That, and mein Fräulein's laundry is still on the line...Fischl: Wha... Seriously!?
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Fischl When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_When_It_Snows.ogg Fischl: A wonderful sight indeed. Why, it reminds me of my home world, where at the sight of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, the very blood and tears of sinners turn to ice! ...Achoo! Achoo!Oz: Not only their blood and tears, but also their saliva and mucus, mein Fräulein.Fischl: Oz— Ahh—Achoo!!!
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Fischl When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg Fischl: Ozzie, my dear familiar...Oz: "Ozzie?" What's gotten into you...Fischl: Her Majesty beseeches you to unfurl your blessèd wings, and with them blot out the heavens, plunging the world into eternal night...Oz: If you didn't bring your parasol with you, that's your own fault, mein Fräulein!
Good Morning: Greet FischlGood Morning: Greet FischlMedia:VO_Fischl Good Morning - Greet Fischl.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Good_Morning_-_Greet_Fischl.ogg Dusk and dawn but fleeting shadows are. Once more, the twists of fate have led you into my everlasting night.
Good Morning: Greet OzGood Morning: Greet OzMedia:VO_Fischl Good Morning - Greet Oz.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Good_Morning_-_Greet_Oz.ogg Oz: Good morning. Mein Fräulein heard you'd be dropping by, so she's preparing breakfast.Fischl: Oz! ...Ahem. To what do I owe the pleasure?
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Fischl Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Good_Afternoon.ogg Even one of royal blood finds oneself susceptible to drowsiness at this hour.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Fischl Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Good_Evening.ogg Fischl: The stars of the firmament are naught but rifts, thrust open by Oz's beak into the boundless tapestry of darkness.Oz: You do say the strangest of things, mein Fräulein.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Fischl Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Good_Night.ogg Fischl: Sweet shall be thy sleep, spared of the Mares of the Night! For no Night-Mares would dare draw near to those who are blessed by the Immernachtreich!Oz: She means, "Goodnight."
About Fischl: Prinzessin der VerurteilungAbout Fischl: Prinzessin der VerurteilungMedia:VO_Fischl About Fischl - Prinzessin der Verurteilung.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_About_Fischl_-_Prinzessin_der_Verurteilung.ogg Fischl: Me? Hehehe. Remember thou this, that I, Fischl, am the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, Sovereign of Immernachtreich, omniscient and eminent judge of all the world's iniquity!Oz: She's an investigator for the Adventurers' Guild.Fischl: ...Ahem. That is but one of my many royal engagements.
About Us: Beings Who Descended Upon This WorldAbout Us: Beings Who Descended Upon This WorldMedia:VO_Fischl About Us - Beings Who Descended Upon This World.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_About_Us_-_Beings_Who_Descended_Upon_This_World.ogg Huh, you and I are both travelers from another world. That our paths have crossed here is no accident, but the will of fate.
About Us: Shooting Down the World Beast Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Shooting Down the World Beast Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Fischl About Us - Shooting Down the World Beast.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_About_Us_-_Shooting_Down_the_World_Beast.ogg You seem... troubled. Traveler, do not lose heart! For with my left eye, the Auge der Verurteilung, which sees the threads of fate, I will surely keep you from harm. And Oz, the raven that has witnessed the demise of countless worlds, will watch over you on your journey. Should this world, like a beast prowling in the night, covet your dreams, then I, Prinzessin der Verurteilung, shall fell it with my ensorcelled arrows of judgment!
About Us: Ones Dear to Heart Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Ones Dear to Heart Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Fischl About Us - Ones Dear to Heart.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_About_Us_-_Ones_Dear_to_Heart.ogg Fischl: Oz, my loyal companion. That we should have met this person, one who hails from another world as I do... Perhaps even cruel fate has deigned to smile upon me, though sin courses through my veins. If I am indeed destined to remain here, in this inescapable prison that is reality, at least—Oz: I understand, mein Fräulein! In this traveler, Fräulein has found one who will never forsake her.
About Us: Standing Watch Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Standing Watch Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Fischl About Us - Standing Watch.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_About_Us_-_Standing_Watch.ogg Fischl: Ozvaldo von Hrafnavins. I, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, sovereign of the Immernachtreich, do hereby call upon thee to do all within thy power to deliver the traveler from the claws of fate that would seek to snatch them at every turn, and to ready thy mind lest thou be required to make the ultimate sacrifice in the performance of this noblest of duties.Oz: ...You'd place my life in danger so easily, mein Fräulein?
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Fischl About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_About_the_Vision.ogg Oh? You inquire about my Edelstein der Dunkelheit? It is a royal heirloom, a ceremonial ornament that displays the majesty of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung before the unworthy. Even here, in this fallen world, I have been reunited with my rightful inheritance as one of royal blood and noble spirit, for the majesty of a true princess shall draw her royal heirlooms unto her wherever so she may roam.
Something to ShareSomething to ShareMedia:VO_Fischl Something to Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Something_to_Share.ogg Fischl: If one must reckon time as this world does, I, Fischl, have already seen three thousand winters. Not that the illusory passage of time has any bearing on one such as I, to whom the causality of three thousand universes has been unveiled.Oz: Be that as it may, mein Fräulein, you are not yet considered to be of drinking age in this world, and no bartender can ever be convinced otherwise.
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Fischl Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Interesting_Things.ogg Oz's full name is Ozvaldo von Hrafnavins. Where I hail from, he holds dominion over star and sky across three universes, and the souls of the mighty, fallen in battle, rest in the shadow of his wings. One should add that the penalty for mispronouncing his name is to have one's tongue torn from one's mouth. However, as I am a princess and you are one who has my favor, we are at liberty to simply call him, "Oz."
About Bennett Friendship Lv. 4About Bennett Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Fischl About Bennett.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_About_Bennett.ogg Fischl: Ah, the ill-starred young man... My Auge der Verurteilung has seen with unmistakable clarity how his heart ails at being forsaken by the world—Oz: Someone needs to keep an eye on the unlucky fellow.
About Lisa Friendship Lv. 4About Lisa Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Fischl About Lisa.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_About_Lisa.ogg Fischl: The magus-custodian of books, gatekeeper of universal knowledge... Win her trust, and one may yet gain access to a vast repository of wisdom...Oz: She means as long as you return your first few library books on time, you'll never have any trouble borrowing a book again.
About Kaeya Friendship Lv. 4About Kaeya Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Fischl About Kaeya.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_About_Kaeya.ogg Fischl: His nature is obscure, his fate a mystery, and his speech a vexing tapestry woven of both fact and fiction... Perhaps he and I share the burden of mystical sight...Oz: Or perhaps he's secretly an actual pirate?
About Mona Friendship Lv. 4About Mona Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Fischl About Mona.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_About_Mona.ogg Fischl: Aha, yes, Mona, the mighty astrologer... Mona, who once had the vanity to probe the fate of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung herself! She wound up a trembling wreck, overborne and overmastered.Oz: The poor lass was trying desperately not to laugh. It was no easy task.
About Rosaria Friendship Lv. 4About Rosaria Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Fischl About Rosaria.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_About_Rosaria.ogg Fischl: One finds Sister Rosaria to be a most devout believer in the Anemo Archon.Oz: ..."Devout believer," mein Fräulein?Fischl: Indeed! One night, I heard her invoking the name of the Archon thus in another's presence: "May you be struck down in the name of Lord Bartabos!" One presumed that she was leading a prayer.
More About Fischl: IMore About Fischl: IMedia:VO_Fischl More About Fischl - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_More_About_Fischl_-_01.ogg To condemn the guilty, to sanctify the just, and to draw all castaway dreams into the embrace of the infinite Immernachtreich. This is the birthright of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, and her burden. None may gainsay it.
More About Fischl: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Fischl: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Fischl More About Fischl - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_More_About_Fischl_-_02.ogg My left eye? It is the all-seeing Auge der Verurteilung, which reveals all that is true in the world. As to the question of why I conceal it... Well, would you willingly bear the agony of piercing to the heart of all truths? Furthermore... the world would lose much of its appeal if wholly stripped of delusion and falsehood.
More About Fischl: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Fischl: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Fischl More About Fischl - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_More_About_Fischl_-_03.ogg Fischl: Stormterror? Why, one never would have thought that a being that one might have kept as her pet could, in this world, be capable of causing such calamity. *sigh* Pitiable are the incompetents of this world...Oz: That said, mein Fräulein, were you not beside yourself with worry for everyone's safety during said calamity?Fischl: Th—That is because the Prinzessin der Verurteilung has the solemn duty to safeguard the souls of all, be they petty beings or not...
More About Fischl: IV Friendship Lv. 5More About Fischl: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Fischl More About Fischl - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_More_About_Fischl_-_04.ogg Oz: Some people address her by other names. But to me, the one who gave me life and bestowed my powers upon me is Fischl, and none other. All things considered, Fischl is the name that most aptly captures her identity. Seriously, don't call her anything else, or—Fischl: Oh, how one's royal ears do burn! Pray tell, what is the matter which you discuss so furtively?Oz: Mid—Midnight Phantasmagoria, mein Fräulein! And... the majesty of the Verurteilung name!
More About Fischl: V Friendship Lv. 6More About Fischl: V Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Fischl More About Fischl - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_More_About_Fischl_-_05.ogg Why must the Prinzessin der Verurteilung punish sin? Because sin defies fate's rightful decree, of course! ...And of course, fate brought you here, so, so... Ahem! It was fate that saw to your descent upon this world, destiny that saw our paths intertwined. I, Fischl, shall always protect you. Because... because fate has revealed to me that this is what has been decreed!
Fischl's Hobbies: Ask FischlFischl's Hobbies: Ask FischlMedia:VO_Fischl Hobbies - Ask Fischl.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Hobbies_-_Ask_Fischl.ogg I, Fischl, have roamed the galaxy and traversed countless worlds. I have learned the fate of ten thousand universes and have had revealed unto me the destiny of every living soul.
Fischl's Hobbies: Ask OzFischl's Hobbies: Ask OzMedia:VO_Fischl Hobbies - Ask Oz.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Hobbies_-_Ask_Oz.ogg Oz: Mein Fräulein reads a lot of novels. *sigh* My name, "Oz," is from one of her favorites.
Fischl's TroublesFischl's TroublesMedia:VO_Fischl Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Troubles.ogg What does it take to rile a princess? ...If you must know, it is those who cannot recognize my true identity. But it is no great loss, for solitude is the noble's lot, so long as I do not lose the nobility of my soul...
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Fischl Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Favorite_Food.ogg Fischl: Hmph! What is food but the shackles of mortal flesh? ...But if the Prinzessin der Verurteilung should reckon any morsel worthy, then it must be the tears of sinners and the tongues of liars.Oz: Has mein Fräulein lost her appetite for the Mitternachtsbrot des Sommernachtgartens?Fischl: ...Uh— That is merely to provide mine earthly vessel with such sustenance as it doth require to perform its royal duties!
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Fischl Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg Oz: I believe I know the answer to this one...Fischl: Indeed you do, Oz! Ah, that the poor mortal coil, mutilated by bondage unnatural...Oz: It will never again fly as I do...Fischl: Deprived of the humble coif with which it was born to gaze in awe at the majesty of its monarch... Surely it is a glimpse of my homeworld's hell, in the flesh. Hmm, the name of the dish escapes me...Oz: Something something "Madame," isn't it?
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO Fischl Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg Fischl: Such an exquisite delicacy is worthy of being served in the Garten Sanssouci.Media:VO Oz Receiving a Gift - 01.ogg Oz: Mein Fräulein says that she thoroughly enjoys your delicious cooking.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO Fischl Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg Fischl: To vanquish the Beast of the World, one must first rise above mundane desires, thus weaving the path that leads to destiny.Media:VO Oz Receiving a Gift - 02.ogg Oz: And yet, on this occasion, you appear to have eaten your fill, mein Fräulein.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO Fischl Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Fischl: Why dost thou insist on raining down chaos and destruction in the presence of your Prinzessin?Media:VO Oz Receiving a Gift - 03.ogg Oz: Mein Fräulein does not care a great deal for this dish. My apologies.
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Fischl Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Birthday.ogg Fischl: Well! If today is truly the anniversary of your birth, it shan't do for me not to mark the occasion. You have my full attention. Speak! Speak to me of your wishes, that which you most desire to fulfill during your fleeting and harsh existence in this wretched world. Whatever that wish may be. Even if, perchance—Oz: She means, "Happy Birthday, and if you want, she can—"Fischl: Silence, Oz.
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Fischl Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg Fischl: My magic arrow cries out my holy name as it streaks through the night, praying that the violet lightning of retribution shall strike the enemies of fate down from the skies!Oz: Quite awe-inspiring, mein Fräulein! Since it's nearly dinner time, perhaps you might shoot a pigeon down while you're at it?
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Fischl Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg Fischl: With this, I may more fully manifest my majesty as Prinzessin der Verurteilung, and defeat that sworn enemy of fate named "reality."Oz: It will also be of use in your work for the Adventurers' Guild, mein Fräulein.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Fischl Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg Rejoice! Else, tremble in fear! Whenceforth springs this call to mirth and misery, you ask? Let it be known that I, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, sovereign of the Immernachtreich, have peered forth with mine leftmost eye into the tapestry of fate that doth make up the universe, and beheld its every warp, weft and dangling orphaned thread!
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Fischl Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg I appear to have now regained most of the strength I lost in my transition to this world. Mwuhahaha, the day of judgment is nigh! ...Ah, worry not. Even at the last, when I bring the lightning of retribution upon this world, you shall come to no harm, for thou art blessed by the Prinzessin.
Combat
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Fischl Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg By royal decree!Media:VO Fischl Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Oz, reveal thyself!Media:VO Fischl Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg (Resummon) I summon thee!Media:VO Fischl Elemental Skill 1 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Skill_1_04.ogg (Resummon) Oz: No rest for the wicked...Media:VO Fischl Elemental Skill 2 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Skill_2_01.ogg Media:VO Fischl Elemental Skill 2 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Skill_2_02.ogg Media:VO Fischl Elemental Skill 2 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Skill_2_03.ogg Media:VO Fischl Elemental Skill 2 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Skill_2_04.ogg Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Fischl Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Wings of Darkness, come, sever the night from day!Media:VO Fischl Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Midnight Phantasmagoria!Media:VO Fischl Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Shadow raven, let night fall!Media:VO Fischl Elemental Burst 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Burst_04.ogg Oz: As you wish, mein Fräulein!Media:VO Fischl Elemental Burst 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Elemental_Burst_05.ogg Oz: Midnight Phantasmagoria!Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Fischl Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Fischl Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Fischl Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndFischl does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Fischl Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Fischl Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Fischl Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Fischl Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg Destiny has brought me hither!Media:VO Fischl Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg What trinkets lie veiled within this desolate plane?Media:VO Fischl Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Hahaha, cry out my illustrious name!Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Fischl Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Low_HP_01.ogg Doth thou wish to witness my true power?Media:VO Fischl Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Low_HP_02.ogg Oz: Mein Fräulein! Should you fall...Media:VO Fischl Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Low_HP_03.ogg This cruel fate befits not one of royal blood!Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Fischl Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Hmph! Allow me!Media:VO Fischl Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Oz: Mein Fräulein, your presence is urgently required...FallenFallenMedia:VO Fischl Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Fallen_01.ogg This realm is no home for a princess...Media:VO Fischl Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Fallen_02.ogg One shall... descend... once again...Media:VO Fischl Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Fallen_03.ogg Oz: Mein Fräulein!Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Fischl Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg (Not recorded in Profile)(Actual Voice-Over: Goodness gracious!)Media:VO Fischl Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Fischl Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Insubordination!Media:VO Fischl Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Fischl Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Fischl Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Fischl Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Fischl Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Joining_Party_01.ogg In the name of the Prinzessin!Media:VO Fischl Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Joining_Party_02.ogg Oz: Behold, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung!Media:VO Fischl Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Joining_Party_03.ogg The threads of your fate lie in my hands!Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Media:VO Fischl Standby 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Standby_02.ogg (Not recorded in Profile)(Actual Voice-Over: I created another universe and founded paradise. For I, Fischl, am the Prinzessin der Verur—...)Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Fischl Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Attack_07.ogg Light Attack LaughLight Attack LaughMedia:VO Fischl Light Attack Laugh 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Attack_Laugh_01.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Attack Laugh 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Attack_Laugh_02.ogg Media:VO Fischl Light Attack Laugh 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Light_Attack_Laugh_03.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Fischl Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Fischl Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Fischl Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Fischl Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Fischl Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Fischl Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Fischl Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Fischl Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Fischl Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Fischl Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Fischl Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Fischl Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg Media:VO Fischl Climbing Breath 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Climbing_Breath_04.ogg Media:VO Fischl Climbing Breath 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Climbing_Breath_05.ogg Media:VO Fischl Climbing Breath 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Climbing_Breath_06.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Fischl Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Fischl Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Fischl Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Fischl Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Fischl Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Fischl_Jumping_05.ogg 
Trivia
In English, Fischl often uses German for her titles and names. Oz, when playing along, uses a few German phrases himself.
"Prinzessin der Verurteilung" means "Princess of Condemnation."
"Immernachtreich" means "Kingdom of Eternal Night."‍[verification needed]
"Edelstein der Dunkelheit," which she uses to refer to her Vision, means "Gem of Darkness."
"Mein Fräulein" means "my lady."
"Mitternachtsbrot des Sommernachtgartens" means "Midnight Bread of the Summer Night Garden."
While her Story makes it rather clear that Fischl is not from a world beyond Teyvat, she seems to possess some knowledge that others don't. Unlike many other characters, she acknowledges that the Traveler is from another world, apparently without having been told.
Navigation
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Fischl










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Fischl can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining her and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk. When spoken to, Oz will also appear from a flash of feathers and Electro to join in the conversation.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 Amidst Poetic Pondering
4.2 Iter Ad Astra Abyssosque


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Fischl has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsAmidst Poetic Pondering 20 1 20,000Iter Ad Astra Abyssosque 20 2 20,000
Idle Quotes

 The threads of fate...
 Mine Auge der Verurteilung...
 One has observed...
 The Immernachtreich...
 My dear familiar...
(When the player is nearby)
 Ah, it is you.
 Wayfarer of a world beyond.

Dialogue

Media:vo fischl mimitomo hello 01.ogg Fischl: Ah, it is you, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler), the wayfarer of a world beyond whose fate crosses mine own.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo hello 02.ogg Fischl: Dost thou wish to present any tidings to the Prinzessin before thee?
 How do you like it here?
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Fischl: I behold the magnificent vistas of three thousand worlds and am intimately acquainted with the threads of past and future.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Fischl: Feebly does the expanse that appears before me endeavor to capture my attention.
 You're very particular.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 03a.ogg Fischl: Hmph. No mortal lifetime bears the imagination required to fathom the collective phenomena experienced by the Prinzessin.
 As long as you like it.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 03b.ogg Fischl: For a mortal domicile, it offers a modicum of respite.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Fischl: This place is but a grain of sand in the shadow of my Immernachtreich.
Media:vo oz mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Oz: But mein Fräulein, you previously said that you wished to stay here for a while.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 05a.ogg Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 05b.ogg Fischl: That... that was but to demonstrate solidarity for (‍himhimText for Aether/herherText for Lumine‍) as a kindred soul of the outrealm!
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Fischl: Stalled have I the inexorable march of time and veiled the omnipresent gaze of fate.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Fischl: Traveler from beyond, the sovereign Prinzessin shall arbitrate the discord of thine heart!
Media:vo oz mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Oz: What mein Fräulein means is that she happens to be free right now.
Media:vo oz mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Oz: If there is something on your mind, she is happy to listen.
 Actually, I want to know if anything is bothering you, Fischl.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Fischl: Preposterous! I am the Prinzessin der Verurteilung! What mortal follies could venture to imprint themselves upon my psyche?
Media:vo oz mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Oz: When I was out on reconnaissance, didn't the new recruits from the Adventurers' Guild joke about you since they couldn't understand what you were saying?
Media:vo oz mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Oz: I remember that you were distressed about this, mein Fräulein.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Fischl: Nonsense! How could I be perturbed by such trifling antics from my retinue?
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Fischl: Alas, I lament that those neophytes lack semblance to you, traveler from an outer world, the one delivered before me by the threads of fate.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Fischl: The one who perceives the truth and meaning of my declarations.
 You offer a surfeit of praise.
 I am honored to understand you.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Fischl: Yes, indeed do I perceive rightly...
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Fischl: By my regard, should Oz be conducting reconnaissance on my behalf, I grant you permission to remain in my propinquity.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Fischl: Now, relay the will of the Prinzessin to her attendants!
Media:vo oz mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Oz: Frankly, I also think this is a good idea.
 What if my understanding is off?
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Fischl: Allay all doubt, for you are the one that I, the Prinzessin, have personally appointed. Hesitate not and proclaim my decrees to this world's denizens!
 If you two say so...
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg Fischl: So shall it be.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg Fischl: Rejoice! That wanton brume of devilry hath dissipated beneath my immaculate radiance!
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Fischl: Stars cast from the celestial tapestry are the final moments of an hourglass.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Fischl: Tremors erupting from the earth are the dying echoes of an ancient god's heart.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Fischl: Shall I usher in this world's desolate finale with none save my own shadow?
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Fischl: Oh, blessed one...
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Fischl: You... Would you accompany me to witness this world's end and greet the descension of eternal night?
Media:vo oz mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Oz: What mein Fräulein means to say is...
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Fischl: O—Oz!
 No worries, I understand...
 I will be at your side.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Fischl: W—Wait, really? Are you serious?
Media:vo oz mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Oz: M—Mein Fräulein...
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Fischl: Ah! Ahem...!
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Fischl: Very good! Allow me to offer resplendent blessings to illuminate your fated travels!
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Fischl: I, Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort...
Media:vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg Fischl: Along with my familiar of the night, Ozvaldo Hrafnavins, will safeguard your path ahead, for fate has revealed to me that this be decreed!
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Good morning, Fischl.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo morning 01.ogg Fischl: The furtive shades of our destinies intertwine themselves beneath hallowed light. Should tenebrous forces obscure thine path, you may call out my name in humble supplication.
Media:vo oz mimitomo morning 01.ogg Oz: Mein Fräulein says, "Good morning, the sun is quite fine today. If you encounter any difficulties, please call for me."
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Fischl.
Media:vo fischl mimitomo night 01.ogg Fischl: Profess tribute, for this space is exalted by my consecration. None shall interfere with your repose.
Media:vo oz mimitomo night 01.ogg Oz: Mein Fräulein says, "Good night. May you have sweet dreams."

Special Dialogue
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

Amidst Poetic Pondering

Media:vo mimitomo md fischl study 01.ogg Fischl: Most endearing!
Media:vo mimitomo md fischl study 02.ogg Fischl: Who would've thought that one might find such a study outside treasure trove of the magus-custodian of books...? It is worthy of one's extended stay, and may invoke seven blessings of the Prinzessin out of ten!
Media:vo mimitomo md oz study 01.ogg Oz: What mein Fräulein means to say is that most of the literature in this study is of interest to her.

Iter Ad Astra Abyssosque

Media:vo mimitomo md fischl adventure 01.ogg Fischl: Hee-hee! One has witnessed how you have poured your heart and soul into the pursuit of the heavens and Abyssal Moon.
Media:vo mimitomo md fischl adventure 02.ogg Fischl: Travelers, their appetite for adventure insatiable... Surely do they leave the most brilliant marks upon this paradise.
Media:vo mimitomo md oz adventure 01.ogg Oz: Mein Fräulein means that she enjoys the style of adventurer camps. She never grows tired of it.

Change History
Released in Version 1.6[Create New History]
Navigation
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






