Despite his skill and experience as a professional diver, Freminet prefers to stay out of the spotlight, content to simply carry out orders and find peace next to the Tidalga and Romaritime Flowers underwater.





Icy Skin





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Freminet


De­scrip­tion
Freminet's outfit. This suit wraps around the deep diver like a second skin, his constant companion in countless sallies to the silent seabed.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


Icy Skin is Freminet's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance
2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
Freminet wears a black beret with gold decorations, a black diving suit that terminates in shorts, and a dark blue sailor-style top with gold buttons, gold details, and large white folded cuffs, as well as a large white collar with a blue-and-gold bow. He wears fingerless gloves with gold details, a small brown bag attached to a gold metal loop around his right thigh, and medium-length black lace-up boots with heavy metal details. Underwater, he wears an black-colored antique diving helmet. At his back he bears a mechanical device, attached by a series of straps to his top. His Pneuma-aligned Cryo Vision sits on his left thigh, and is attached to his shorts by a strap.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Freminet 1.mp4      Media:Idle Freminet 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Freminet.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Freminet.mp4      Media:Party Setup Freminet.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishIcy Skin—Chinese(Simplified)冰的肌肤Bīng de JīfūIce SkinChinese(Traditional)冰的肌膚Bīng de JīfūJapanese氷の肌Koori no HadaIce SkinKorean얼음 피부Eoreum PibuIce SkinSpanishEpidermis candelizaIcy EpidermisFrenchPeau de glaceSkin of IceRussianЛедяная кожаLedyanaya kozhaIcy SkinThaiเรือนผิวเย็นเยียบVietnameseLàn Da Băng GiáGermanEishautIce SkinIndonesianIcy Skin—PortuguesePele de GeloTurkishBuzul DalgıçGlacial DiverItalianPelle di ghiaccio
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.0[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
A taciturn young man and an expert diver, his heart remains as innocent as the fairytales that never cease to absorb him.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction

3.1 Version 1
3.2 Version 2


4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Tales of a Snow-Winged Goose
4.8 Vision


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 Archon Quests
7.2 Story Quests
7.3 Events
7.4 Web Events


8 Character Trials

8.1 Quests
8.2 Test Run Events


9 Character Mentions

9.1 Character Stories
9.2 Character Voice-Overs


10 Mail
11 History
12 Trivia

12.1 Etymology


13 Other Languages

13.1 Character Title: Yearning for Unseen Depths


14 References
15 Navigation


Personality
A reserved young man who is well-versed in diving. Beneath his distant, icy demeanor lies a pure heart bereft of all flaws.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Compared to his adoptive siblings, Lyney and Lynette, Freminet is introverted, finding it very hard to speak with people he deems talkative, such as Estelle.[2] Freminet enjoys diving, finding the ocean a way to get away from the stress and express his feelings. During his early years, Freminet learned to suppress his emotions in order to carry out his orders with ease. As he became more accustomed to this way of dealing with his thoughts, he began to stagnate his own emotional development, often wishing to become akin to a machine but never achieving it.[3] Freminet has poor self-esteem, as he frequently believes himself to be useless outside of anything other than diving and tinkering with clockwork machines. He is also notably bad at lying.[4]
Freminet has become increasingly distant from his siblings. Despite this, he shows immense care and respect for them, often expressing guilt. He does not take well to criticism and shaming, usually becoming visibly distraught.[4][5] Freminet is attached to his mechanical penguin, Pers, which he hopes to modify so that it can fly one day.[6] He also has an attachment to his diving helmet, which he kept even after acquiring his Vision as it allows him to block off outside noise and makes him feel safe. To Freminet, the helmet makes him feel as though he's looking through a lens into a fantasy world, which he claims are worlds that exist somewhere, just not here.[7]

Appearance
See also: Icy Skin
Freminet uses the medium male model. He has periwinkle eyes, dark eyelashes, pale, freckled skin, and pale, blond hair. His hair is choppy and neck length. Part of his bangs cover his left eye.

Official Introduction
Version 1
Alone under the cold light of stars
Did you see that? As the dove emerged from the hat, the corner of Freminet's mouth turned up very slightly. Imagine how he'd react if we could find a way to make a whole flock of them fly out! After all, as his big brother, it's my duty to make him laugh.—Lyney winked as he discussed with Lynette after a rehearsal.
As the realm of Hydro, Fontaine's underwater vistas are positively breathtaking. But not everyone gets to enjoy this mysterious world beneath the waves. Even for those who have mastered the basics, diving can be full of peril to say the least. Among the ranks of able divers, Freminet is renowned for his outstanding professionalism, exceptional ability to stay focused, as well as his abundant maritime knowledge. It's just a shame that, as a classic lone wolf, he never accepts commissions from others.
As the younger brother of Fontaine's famous magical duo Lyney and Lynette, Freminet prefers to stay out of the limelight. Other people's gazes, responses, and comments make him uncomfortable and interrupt the rhythm of his breathing. He prefers instead to slip away and bask in the weightlessness of the ocean, pouring his heart out to a Romaritime Flower.
He looks indifferent, but in fact it's just that his passion never comes back up for air.

Version 2
Alone under the cold light of stars
You have two choices before you. You can either wallow in the past until you drown in its miseries... Or you can join hands with your 'family' and open your eyes again.—Arlecchino
In his early years, Freminet always preferred to be alone. His unassuming appearance would make people drop their guard, which was something that the House of the Hearth used to their advantage, sending him in behind enemy lines to complete the missions they had assigned him swiftly and without mercy.
"All I have to do is put on my helmet, shut out the background noise, and carry out my orders." Freminet began to see himself as an unfeeling clockwork toy.
It was only later that the House of the Hearth changed into something else entirely. Under "Father's" orders, Freminet joined up with Lyney and Lynette to form their team of three at the Hotel Bouffes d'ete. At first, Freminet often felt at a complete loss.
It was almost as if they could read each other's minds, such was the tacit understanding between the pair of siblings. He felt like a spare part in comparison, worthy only of lying around in some dark corner, accumulating dust.
"Freminet, pay attention! What does this look like to you?"
"A... card with a picture of Pers on it?"
"Hehe, are you sure? It's Pers alright... Here you go, take him! Alright, your task this time is very tricky. I've prepared an especially crucial role for you and this little 'hero'! The plan is as follows..."
Freminet very rarely feels anything when he's carrying out his missions. But when they were celebrating their success, a smile crept onto his face after his first taste of one of the Hotel Debord's delicious desserts.
"Here, have mine too." said Lynette as she filled his cup with tea. "We're family."

Character Stories
Character Details
Whether you're a tourist visiting Fontaine for the first time or an adventurer who's set their heart on finding legendary treasures, you're sure to be captivated by the enchantments of the underwater world. But those who attempt to explore the depths without first undergoing rigorous training or making the necessary preparations are gambling with their lives. Treacherous underwater currents, unexpected bodily reactions, and monsters lurking in the deep... Peril always comes without knocking. Seeking the help of a professional diver is always a wise choice.If you ask people who's the most talented diver around, you're likely to hear the name of Freminet. Even old veterans, bronzed and toughened by long exposure to the elements, never tire of lauding his skills. They speak not only of his familiarity with Fontaine's complex hydrological systems, but also of his prowess in coping with different underwater environments and seasonal conditions, as well as his expert control over his breathing. He seems to swim wherever he pleases — even through caverns deep down on the ocean floor, where no one else dares to venture...When many people hear this, they suddenly think of something or other that Freminet could do for them. But no matter how great the promised rewards, the veterans always respond the same way – with a shake of the head and a regretful sigh."The boy wouldn't hear of it... He's a nice lad, just a bit too shy."The conversation usually stops here.As Freminet sees it, other people's compliments are as capricious as the weather. He finds it hard to fathom their true intentions, and is constantly worried that he'll put his foot in it by saying something wrong.Perhaps his true friends are the Tidalga and Romaritime Flowers that he spends so much time with. They hold a much dearer place in his heart than do reputation and reward, which float around on the surface. When he dives, he stays silent for long periods of time in the company of his old friends, and lets the silence swallow up his fears and anxieties. In so doing, he lets out all the things weighing on his mind, all the things that he can't say to anyone else.The reason he chose to dive was that simple — to find some peace and quiet, and escape everything happening in the world above.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
Even before he received his Vision, Freminet used to love wearing his diving helmet and exploring the underwater world like a penguin.He was never a very talkative child, and whenever something upset him he would plunge into the ocean, leaving his worries on the dry land far above. Over time, the quiet seabed became like a cradle to him, somewhere where he could curl up and feel safe. As the rings of a tree grow outward with each passing year, so too did his curiosity for the underwater world. He listened to the ocean currents with his body, and with each breath grew closer to the water around him. He committed every aspect of Fontaine's hydrology to memory, as if he were memorizing roads around a new home, albeit with far more relish. Eventually, he discovered a place of extraordinary beauty which captured his heart, and built a little secret underwater base nearby. Here, he could let his sunken emotions shine forth with a radiance akin to that of a Lumitoile.To this day, when faced with a particularly thorny problem, Freminet's first thought is to escape to this deep blue sanctuary — so vast and magnanimous that it could embrace all things.Free, tranquil, safe, and content... If Freminet were to tell others how the underwater world makes him feel, he would most probably be met with more than a few raised eyebrows.But Freminet would never do this. In his mind, this is his ocean, and his alone. These feelings, hidden deep in his heart, are like sunken treasures buried in the depths.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
In the eyes of an onlooker, Freminet doesn't have much of a presence, and comes across as cold almost to the point of being pessimistic. He's always silent, alone, and doesn't seem to enjoy the company of his peers. Compared to his older brother — the legendary Great Magician Lyney — Freminet seems as dull as a piece of old, soon-to-be-forgotten jewelry. But he doesn't care what they think.A long time ago, Freminet began trying to strip away excess emotions to prevent his being affected by external pressures.As if building an igloo in his heart, he piled up block after block until he had constructed a translucent refuge, and curled up inside. Clutching his knees, the only thing that gave him solace was reading fairytales.If diving underwater was a way to steal a moment of peace, then sealing himself in a sanctuary of solid ice was actually a way to stay warm.Freminet would only ever invite his closest "kin" in, and even then, he'd insist on tidying up first, making sure to lock his fairytales away.By the time Freminet left, he'd already turned into a clockwork toy — exquisitely made, yet silent as ever.He once found himself floating on his back upon the waters, unconcerned with his own safety, listening to the unknown songs of Violetgold Angler Gulls circling overhead. In hindsight, it was fortunate that they hadn't mistaken him for a fish...It was in that moment that he discovered how easy it was to just let the currents carry him away.No matter who was asking, and no matter what they wanted, as long as he followed orders unquestionably without a thought for the consequences — like an angler bringing home their catch — he would no longer have to face the endless cycle of castigation and punishment.In the years that children from ordinary families ran about laughing, showing off the latest clockwork toys or picking up phrases from The Steambird, Freminet's heart was gradually becoming numb. Orders filled the void and became like a clockwork spring driving him forward.He used to fantasize about turning into a cold, cruel machine, driven only by the imperative to execute commands. But as he matured, he became increasingly aware of his essential weakness. He wanted to leave emotions behind, but there were too many feelings that he couldn't just cast aside. They would always come back in the dead of night, suddenly gripping him like seaweed wrapping around his limbs. His habit of avoiding problems, his worry that he would not complete his tasks well, his fear of annoying people with his lack of enthusiasm, and his dread of disappointing others — those who meant something to him, most of all...He wasn't an outstanding child, but he simply became hypersensitive to everything in the world he grew up in.He hid himself within a thick shell and yielded to his timidity, until he could only express himself underwater.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
Freminet was born in the Fleuve Cendre region of Fontaine. Each night he would fall asleep to the sound of drunkards belting out off-key shanties, and wake up to the shrill cries of neighbors cursing outside his window.Freminet never met his own father, but he heard from his mother that the man was knee-deep in debt. He had little idea what all these numbers meant, and they were as hard for the little boy to conceive as a dinner in the Palais Mermonia. What he did know was that they were the reason his mother worked from dawn till dusk, day in day out.When he was home alone, Freminet would often quietly fiddle about with the few devices there were in the house — a portable lamp that never lit up, a wall clock that never ticked, and so on...These things had been lying around for as long as he could remember, as if they were guests who had stopped by for a quick rest after a long saunter, but had never woken back up. Freminet found some tools and, one by one, carefully took them apart. To him, the inner structures of these mechanisms were like mysterious labyrinths. Turn this part here, and another would move as a result. Tap that bit there, and something else would spring out...When he was with these machines, Freminet felt the same way he did when he read fairytales — like he had taken a magic potion that shrunk him down to the same size as the components. He was moving through a world of cogs and clockwork parts where time seemed to pass without his knowledge. These friends of his, silent yet intriguing, kept him company through many a lonely day.One day, when his mother returned home, she suddenly heard a strange noise that stopped her in her tracks. It was the sound of their clock, which Freminet had unwittingly fixed, ticking away almost as if to celebrate the new lease on life he had given it. She caressed his head and praised him, filling his heart with joy. But when he woke up the following morning, the clock was nowhere to be found. When his mother came home that evening, she brought him two slices of a type of bread he'd never had before. He still remembers the taste to this day.From that day forth, his mother brought back all kinds of different devices for him — everything from clockwork toys to miniature clocks. Freminet liked his new friends a lot, and would spend a long time "waking" them from their slumber, even though they always vanished the following day.But one day, when Freminet ran over excitedly to greet his mother at the door, he had something very special with him — an exquisitely-made music box pendant, about the size of a person's thumb. It had been in such a terrible state when she had found it by the roadside that it was to their great surprise to discover that it still worked.A beautiful melody jingled away between them, and seeing Freminet's innocent face light up with pure joy, a rare smile broke out on his mother's, too.This pendant would not leave him, for every evening, his mother would carefully take it off her neck, and together they would listen to its sweet lullaby as night fell.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5  •  As Light Rain Falls Without Reason
One day, without uttering a word, Freminet's mother took him by the hand and led him away. As he tried to keep up behind her, little Freminet's palm began to hurt from the strength of her grip."Mom, where are we going?" He asked. She didn't reply."Mommy, why are you crying?" He asked her again. She suddenly stopped and let out a sob, but only a single one.Afterwards, as if resolved to plunge into the freezing depths of the ocean, she took several deep breaths and continued onward. Not another tear fell, but in the oppressive silence Freminet had a vague sense that an ominous current was about to crash against the reef of his future.Finally, they arrived in front of an unfamiliar house. As the thick door opened, it let out a harsh creak. It was the type of door that you intuitively knew that, once closed, could never be opened again.Still, his mother remained silent. It was as if her expression, weighed down by her heavy heart, had sunk into a bottomless ocean."Freminet, correct?" Said a woman as she stepped out. "Come with me."Confused, Freminet looked up at his mother. He could feel the tide surging beneath him.Calling herself the "director", the woman took his other wrist and began to pull him in.All of a sudden his mother's grip tightened, becoming even tighter than when she had led him over. Freminet felt like a boat caught between two waves, completely helpless as they each pulled in opposite directions and showed no sign of letting go.At last, his mother slowly bent down, half-kneeling before him. This was what she would do each day when she said goodbye to him before leaving the house."Be a good boy," she said, kissing Freminet on the forehead in the way she always did.These tender words rose up like a barrier before the jagged reef, instantly turning the raging current into a soft, warm flow.So that's all this is, Freminet thought to himself. Perhaps, like ever and always, this was just to be a brief parting after all.He nodded to set her at ease.The director continued to pull him inside, and this time, his mother didn't try to stop her. Just like that, she let go...For a long time after, Freminet truly believed that as long as he behaved and performed well enough, his mother would come to bring him back home. That her kind face, disappearing behind that thick door, would someday reappear. And parting his fringe, she would kiss him on the forehead once again to tell him how well he'd done.But that day never came."Still haven't figured it out? You were sold to settle a debt."As he grew up, Freminet started to have doubts about where his mother had gone and his own fate. After he finally plucked up the courage to ask the director, this was the heartless response she gave him."You were abandoned, child. This is the only home you have." "If you don't follow orders, your mother's safety can't be guaranteed..." Such were the words of the previous director, callous as spiked shackles, locking his wildest hopes inside that door forever. These invisible fetters left a mark of utter abjection on Freminet. In those days, the ocean depths were his sole escape.Engulfed by icy-cold seawater, he always felt that little bit closer to her. After all, when those events had transpired all those years ago, had she not sunk to the bottom of the ocean herself? Yet those waters must have been far colder than any he had ever dived in.Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6  •  As Light Rain Falls Without Reason
After "Father" replaced the previous director, Freminet's thoughts began to turn to finding his mother once again.At first, Freminet assumed that she would rile up a still greater storm of brutality, for he knew that her methods were brutal, and he expected new orders to be given just as pitilessly as they had been in the past. But he soon discovered that "Father"'s way of doing things was utterly different.With "Father," the home was a place of refuge for all the family's children, and as such required a collective effort to maintain. It was up to each of them to complete their tasks in the way that best suited them. Even if they failed, they wouldn't be subjected to the searingly painful punishments they had been previously.This taste of freedom finally gave Freminet the chance to breathe deeply, and he started searching for his mother's whereabouts in his free time.But a long time passed and he still wasn't any closer to finding her.Perhaps I really was abandoned, Freminet thought, trying to convince himself to accept reality as he strained to summon the already vague memory of his mother's face.But just as he was thinking of giving up, Father threw him a pendant."I found this at the base of operations of those scum. Keep it." said "Father."Freminet looked back at her, perplexed, which in turn seemed to confuse her."What it is? I'm talking about those usurious scoundrels. It belonged to your mother..." She frowned, suddenly seeming to realize something. "What were you told about her?"Freminet told her what the previous director had said to him, about how he had been abandoned. As he did so, she said nothing, but her eyes began to burn with wrath.After Freminet was finished, Father fell silent for a rare moment. "Do you want to know what really happened?" She asked, fixing him with a piercing stare.Freminet nodded almost unconsciously. But once he had heard what she had to say, he wasn't sure which story he'd rather believe."Father" told Freminet that his mother hadn't abandoned him, but on the contrary, had acted to protect him...That year, the debt that his family owed finally reached the point where they would no longer be able to repay it. Those greedy moneylenders had not only forced Freminet's mother to hand over the house that they lived in, but had also demanded that she hand over Freminet as well. But she was his mother — how could she let this happen? In the end, she had no choice but to entrust Freminet to "that orphanage" — somewhere they could never get at him — and then face them alone."This was all I found. As for your mother..." As she looked at the young boy in front of her, still gripping the pendant tightly in his hands, "Father" trailed off and left the ensuing silence to speak for her.Freminet's head hung low, but knowing his personality, Father slipped out of the room without another word. The boy was left standing there, shaking as he gazed down at the pendant in his hands. It had long since rusted and could no longer produce sounds, and the clockwork components seemed to have been stained dark brown by dried blood. She must have been holding it at the very end, he thought. In his despair, Freminet continued to stare at the pendant, desperately looking for even a thread of his mother's warmth.That evening, Freminet dived down to the bottom of the ocean and let it all out. He couldn't remember the last time he had cried like this. Other than the Romaritime Flowers that wept alongside him, not a soul heard the sound of his sobbing, for the ocean smothered it utterly.From that day on, his grip on his greatsword tightened. He made an oath to himself that he would never again let another member of his family meet with misfortune.Tales of a Snow-Winged Goose Friendship Lv. 4
Freminet has been captivated by fairytales since he was a child.In contrast with the real world, the little world inside a picture book is always full of color. Castles can be made from candy, rivers from the juice of Bulle Fruits, there can be talking Hydro Crystalflies, and Redcrown Finches and ragdolls can become the best of friends...When he closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, and then opens a storybook, Freminet is able to dive into a magical fairytale world – a world where he can push the boundaries of what exists through a combination of reading and his own imagination.As he goes, he picks up on scattered phrases or illustrations tucked into the corner of the page and turns these over in his mind. He learns something new every time he reads, and loves the variety of dazzling colors and textures that different subject matters seem to evoke for him....When Freminet starts to feel lonely, "Pers the Penguin" waves to him with his black and white wings and slides around on his round little belly as if it were a skateboard. He skids along the surface of the ice until he plops into the sea, challenging Freminet to a fish-catching competition.When he's feeling timid, "Princess Marcotte" with the long, pink hair stares out at him through the window. He knows that when the princess was but a seed, she rode across the ocean on the claws of a crab, abandoning her birthplace for the promise of a better life...When he's feeling troubled, the inimitable adventurers "Mr Fox and the Clockwork Guardsman" appear there in front of him, standing side-by-side. Mr. Fox's great big bottle-brush of a tail raises a cloud of dust as it sweeps the floor, causing the Clockwork Guardsman's nose to become all itchy, but he keeps standing there, as straight and tall as ever. "Everyone faces challenges," they say to him. "Don't let them win. You're a brave, brave kid."...Even as he matured and grew older, Freminet still stubbornly held on to the fairytale world of his childhood.He truly believes in these beautiful stories and the friends he met in his books.In Freminet's heart, they really do exist in that poetic dreamland of his. There is a place where sadness and worry cease to exist, and all that remains is the unending sound of joyful laughter. It's a place where dreams come true, and justice always triumphs.But of course, he can't actually reach out and touch the things in this imaginary world. Perhaps he'll find a way someday though...Vision Friendship Lv. 6  •  As Light Rain Falls Without Reason
That day, Freminet and some other children were out on an underwater mission. At first, everything went perfectly smoothly, just like it had done on countless other occasions.All of a sudden, however, Freminet noticed that something was off.Creatures that know their own weakness always seem able to stay focused in places of great peril, and Freminet is no exception. He has always been skilled at self-reflection, even to the point of picking up on minute changes in his breathing. Without them even being aware of it, his unique powers of perception have helped them evade all kinds of danger.Freminet made an emergency gesture to his friends telling them to surface. He still didn't know what the actual peril was, but his nerves had taken hold and his heart began to beat faster and faster.His friends didn't object and, with Freminet at their center, the group began to ascend.For these children, who had yet to receive the gods' favor, ascending was something that had to be done slowly. But at the same time, the feeling of unease in Freminet's heart was becoming unbearable. His vision grew hazy, and he couldn't tell whether it was the reflection of some monstrous leviathan or a sign that he was on the verge of fainting.No. Wait. The diving equipment was malfunctioning! Was it just him? If not, how many of the others were affected?He tried hard to open his eyes, but he was gradually and uncontrollably slipping out of consciousness.No, I have to lead them back, he said to himself. As long as my arms and legs keep working...He began to feel sleepy.His thoughts were becoming sluggish... If this carries on, he thought, I'm never going to make it to the surface.Even if I make it, what good would it do? That thought suddenly flashed through Freminet's mind. I'd just go back to living day after day after day, eternally devoid of hope.He felt tired. Tired of forcing himself to keep going.He was unsuited to having so many "family members." There was no real warmth or feelings between them. They were simply a motley crew of clockwork meka, each of a slightly different model and outward appearance.Perhaps the seawater was where he belonged after all. To drift off into blissful sleep... Was it really so bad? He gradually let his eyes fall shut.A sound suddenly jerked him back awake. Freminet... Freminet. The voice was slow, solemn, and seemed to be coming from the other end of the earth. It also carried a slight stutter.Pers?Freminet stretched out his arms to a blank landscape in front of him, opening his eyes in puzzlement.There was no Pers the penguin in this underwater realm. The children had all slipped into a dreadful torpor.I must save them all! Freminet screamed without making a sound. So what if we're not all of the same mind? I won't abandon anyone in my family! No matter what hazards lie ahead, only with the courage to put life itself on the line will I live to see the blue sky that comes after the storm.In that moment, his body seemed to be imbued with power, and even his breathing became grew easy once more. He quickly swam over to his companions, who were each of them drowning...In the midst of a tempest, he saved all of his friends — a miracle of heroism worthy of the legendary Pers from the stories he so loved...It was only then that he realized that a Vision as clear as crystal now hung from his divesuit.He never told a soul what really happened that day. After all, true heroes aren't in it for the recognition.
Namecard


Freminet: Progress




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with FreminetDescription:As the clockwork devices do naught but round and round in circles turn, the dolls march forward.

Constellation
Automaton 
Quests and Events
Archon QuestsChapter IVAct I: Prelude of Blancheur and NoirceurThe City of Rains and RemembranceAct IV: Cataclysm's QuickeningThe Truth Shrouded in ShadowCalamitous TreadA Moment's RespiteAct V: Masquerade of the GuiltyHunters, ProphetsApocalypseThe Opera of Noirceur and BlancheurFinaleStory QuestsDiluvies Chapter (Neuvillette)Act I: The Remains of the Past DayIn a New Light (cutscene)Ignis Purgatorius Chapter (Arlecchino)Act I: When the Hearth-Flame Goes OutThe Child Who Doesn't ExistSea Breeze RendezvousBirds in a CageInto the SunlightEventsThelxie's Fantastic AdventuresPart I: Water Imp's ConjectureWater Imp's ConjecturePart II: Prince's CountryPrince's CountryPart III: Miraculous CrownMiraculous CrownReceiver of Friends From AfarReceiver of Friends From Afar: Part IWeb EventsDiscover TeyvatStarlit LetterDancing Beasts and Soaring Kites
Character Trials
QuestsArchon Quest The Truth Shrouded in Shadow in Chapter IV: Act IV - Cataclysm's QuickeningEvent Story Quest Prince's Country in Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures: Part II - Prince's CountryTest Run EventsZhongli, Tartaglia, Freminet, Sayu — 2023-09-05Furina, Baizhu, Charlotte, Beidou — 2023-11-08Arlecchino, Lyney, Freminet — 2024-04-24Sigewinne, Furina, Gaming, Rosaria — 2024-06-25
Character Mentions
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesArlecchinoCharacter Story 1LynetteCharacter Story 1Non-Automated Feeding MachineLyneyCharacter Story 2Character Story 3Character Story 5Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversArlecchinoAbout Freminet Media:VO_Arlecchino About Freminet.ogg Media:VO ZH_Arlecchino About Freminet.ogg Media:VO JA_Arlecchino About Freminet.ogg Media:VO KO_Arlecchino About Freminet.ogg Freminet has a complex mind and often hides his emotions. He blames himself for things that aren't his doing and allows them to eat away at his conscience. I would imagine the other children might find it difficult to understand his manner of thinking, but you seem to share a similar delicate sensibility — perhaps you two would make good friends.CharlotteAbout Freminet Media:VO_Charlotte About Freminet.ogg Media:VO ZH_Charlotte About Freminet.ogg Media:VO JA_Charlotte About Freminet.ogg Media:VO KO_Charlotte About Freminet.ogg I've met Freminet a few times since being introduced. He quickly took an interest in Monsieur Verite — that's my Kamera-slash-assistant — and even made a few improvements to my lenses. I gotta say, though, my heart was in my mouth watching him completely dismantle Monsieur Verite in a matter of seconds... Amazing he managed to reassemble it just as swiftly. He seems very experienced — I was convinced he must have graduated from the Fontaine Research Institute, but he denied it.ChevreuseAbout Freminet Media:VO_Chevreuse About Freminet.ogg Media:VO ZH_Chevreuse About Freminet.ogg Media:VO JA_Chevreuse About Freminet.ogg Media:VO KO_Chevreuse About Freminet.ogg I once saw Freminet in a shop when we both reached for the same gadget. It was the last one available, but just as I was about to tell him he could have it, he withdrew his hand and ran out of the store. It might sound odd, but he fled like the Gardes were after him.ClorindeAbout Freminet Media:VO_Clorinde About Freminet.ogg Media:VO ZH_Clorinde About Freminet.ogg Media:VO JA_Clorinde About Freminet.ogg Media:VO KO_Clorinde About Freminet.ogg One day, I received a parcel containing a miniature mechanical toy and a thank-you card. The toy was exquisitely made. I must thank Mr. Freminet in person when I get the opportunity... Hm? The opportunity may be hard to come by, you say? Very well, then I too shall write a thank-you card. Please pass it on to him for me.LynetteAbout Freminet Media:VO_Lynette About Freminet.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette About Freminet.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette About Freminet.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette About Freminet.ogg He is a delicate and gentle child, but also tends to belittle himself... perhaps due to his previous experiences. Sometimes he feels like the antithesis of Lyney... but since they're both family, when their opinions clash, I will bridge their differences.LyneyAbout "Father": King Media:VO_Lyney About Father - King.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lyney About Father - King.ogg Media:VO JA_Lyney About Father - King.ogg Media:VO KO_Lyney About Father - King.ogg Ours is a kingdom consisting only of children, and "Father" is our king. No king rules forever, of course, and I know that one day I will be chosen as "Father's" successor... But that also terrifies me... Please don't mention this to anyone, especially my sister and Freminet.About Freminet Media:VO_Lyney About Freminet.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lyney About Freminet.ogg Media:VO JA_Lyney About Freminet.ogg Media:VO KO_Lyney About Freminet.ogg My naive little brother still believes in fairy tales. I envy him, really. Uh, just to be clear though, he didn't actually tell me that. I just happened to see what he keeps in his secret drawer once... Really, it was an accident! So please don't tell him, or he'll get mad at me for sure.SigewinneAbout Lyney Media:VO_Sigewinne About Lyney.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sigewinne About Lyney.ogg Media:VO JA_Sigewinne About Lyney.ogg Media:VO KO_Sigewinne About Lyney.ogg I still feel sorry for firing that tranquilizer shot at Mr. Lyney... It was an emergency situation, and that was the least harmful way of incapacitating him... Thankfully, he was okay with letting me take care of Mr. Freminet once he understood that I bore them no ill will.About Freminet Media:VO_Sigewinne About Freminet.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sigewinne About Freminet.ogg Media:VO JA_Sigewinne About Freminet.ogg Media:VO KO_Sigewinne About Freminet.ogg He made a point of coming to thank me after he recovered — what a lovely boy. He speaks so quietly, though... He probably doesn't go out of his way to talk to other people much. But I could tell that he has a rich and detailed inner world, because he looked so captivated as he was looking through some Melusines' paintings.
Mail
Sharing... (2023-09-24)
History
Main article: Freminet/Lore/History
Trivia
Freminet can be seen wielding The Bell in his character card.
Freminet is the younger adoptive brother of Lyney and Lynette.
Freminet shares his Chinese voice actor with Lyney.
Freminet shares the same birthday with the French painter Martin Fréminet.
Etymology
Freminet may be named after Sieur Fréminet, the inventor of the first diving dress using a compressed-air reservoir.
The name of Freminet's clockwork penguin, Pers, comes from the French word pers, an adjective used to describe blue-green eyes, which fits with its actual eye color.
Fréminet, in Germanic origin of medieval France, would usually mean "peaceful warrior." Germanic elements to the name being Fridu "peace," and Maht "might," often associated with those who use empathy along with strength.
Other Languages
Character Title: Yearning for Unseen Depths

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishYearning for Unseen Depths—Chinese(Simplified)潜怀遐梦Qiánhuái XiámèngChinese(Traditional)潛懷遐夢Qiánhuái XiámèngJapanese夢想の海を沈んでMusou no Umi wo ShizundeSinking into the Sea of DreamsKorean심해에 잠긴 아득한 꿈Simhaee Jamgin Adeukhan KkumDistant Dreams Sunk In the Deep SeaSpanishEl Buzo de lo InsondableThe Diver of the FathomlessFrenchAspirant à des profondeurs invisiblesAspiring to Invisible DepthsRussianДалёкие мечтыDalyokiye mechtyDistant DreamsThaiดำดิ่งสู่ภวังค์ฝันVietnameseKhát Khao Chìm ĐắmGermanSehnsucht nach verborgenen TiefenYearning for Hidden DepthsIndonesianYearning for Unseen Depths—PortugueseAnsioso por Sonhos ProfundosYearning for Profound DreamsTurkishGörünmeyen Derinliklere Duyulan ÖzlemItalianBrama di profondità invisibiliYearn of Invisible Depths
References

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Freminet

↑ Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act I - Prelude of Blancheur and Noirceur, Part 2: The City of Rains and Remembrance

↑ YouTube: Freminet's Collected Miscellany

↑ 4.0 4.1 Story Quest Act, Arlecchino, Ignis Purgatorius Chapter: Act I: When the Hearth-Flame Goes Out

↑ Freminet's Voice-Over: About "Father": Tears

↑ Freminet's Voice-Over: Freminet's Hobbies

↑ Event Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures Quest Act, Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures: Part I: Water Imp's Conjecture


Navigation
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story
2 Combat
3 Navigation


Story[]

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Freminet Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Hello.ogg Hello, my name's Freminet, I'm a diver... Oh, no need to shake hands. I mean, no need to be so formal. Ahem, if you need help surveying underwater ruins or salvaging materials, I can be of some use to you. But for anything else... You might find me a disappointment.
Chat: Ocean DepthsChat: Ocean DepthsMedia:VO_Freminet Chat - Ocean Depths.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Chat_-_Ocean_Depths.ogg I want to spend some time at the bottom of the sea... In peace and total silence.
Chat: PrinciplesChat: PrinciplesMedia:VO_Freminet Chat - Principles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Chat_-_Principles.ogg It's easy to fix a machine when you know how it's built and how it works. But people... they're much more difficult.
Chat: HomeChat: HomeMedia:VO_Freminet Chat - Home.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Chat_-_Home.ogg Wherever the tide takes me, so long as the light of the hearth still shines, I'll always have a home to return to...
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Freminet When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_When_It_Rains.ogg I always get so gloomy when it rains...
After the RainAfter the RainMedia:VO_Freminet After the Rain.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_After_the_Rain.ogg The rain's stopped? Okay, that's good.
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Freminet When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Don't be scared, Pers. I'll keep you safe.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Freminet When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_When_It_Snows.ogg Maybe I should put on my diving helmet to... keep me warm...
When the Wind Is BlowingWhen the Wind Is BlowingMedia:VO_Freminet When the Wind Is Blowing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_When_the_Wind_Is_Blowing.ogg I'd rather be diving in the sea.
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Freminet Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Good_Morning.ogg Morning. Do you have an assignment for me today? If not, I'll head out.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Freminet Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Good_Afternoon.ogg All the components look intact. Maybe it's just a worn-out spring? If so, that's an easy fix... Oh, sorry, I was... Did you say something?
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Freminet Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Good_Evening.ogg Want a bowl of seafood soup? It's made with shrimp and shellfish caught earlier today. I'm no cook, but the ingredients are fresh, so... it shouldn't taste too bad.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Freminet Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Good_Night.ogg You go ahead, I'm gonna stay up and read for a while. Hmm? What am I reading? It's, um... it's about diving. There's a bunch of skills that I still need to... Anyway, night!
About Freminet: DivingAbout Freminet: DivingMedia:VO_Freminet About Freminet - Diving.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Freminet_-_Diving.ogg As you know, diving is one of the few things I'm any good at. I spend more time among the Tidalga than I do talking to people. They don't ask you questions or act disappointed, they just float there quietly with you... The underwater world is much simpler than the world of dry land.
About Freminet: Clockwork Penguin Friendship Lv. 4About Freminet: Clockwork Penguin Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Freminet About Freminet - Clockwork Penguin.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Freminet_-_Clockwork_Penguin.ogg Whenever I feel lonely at night, Pers is the one who's always there for me. I thought that maybe some other kids might want a toy for company too, so I made a bunch of clockwork penguins and took them to Leschots's workshop to put on sale... Apparently, the customer feedback was good, but they didn't sell too many of them. And most of the buyers were adults...
About Us: OrdersAbout Us: OrdersMedia:VO_Freminet About Us - Orders.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Us_-_Orders.ogg Orders to me are like a clockwork spring driving me forward, and I don't know what to do with myself without them. So if there's anything you need me for, please don't hesitate to ask.
About Us: Companionship Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Companionship Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Freminet About Us - Companionship.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Us_-_Companionship.ogg Tell me a bit more about yourself. Your hobbies, favorite food, favorite color, what animal you'd like to have as a pet... If you and I are companions, it means we're connected, more closely than gears in a machine.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Freminet About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_the_Vision.ogg After I got my Vision, I didn't need my helmet to go diving anymore. But... I can't bear to be without it. It cuts me off from the noise of the outside world, and makes me feel safe. My Vision, Pers, and my helmet... I draw my strength from them every time I take a breath.
Something to ShareSomething to ShareMedia:VO_Freminet Something to Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Something_to_Share.ogg If you look up at the sky from far enough underwater, even the sun is soft on the eyes. That's why I like it down there.
Interesting Things: Beryl ConchesInteresting Things: Beryl ConchesMedia:VO_Freminet Interesting Things - Beryl Conches.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Interesting_Things_-_Beryl_Conches.ogg I've seen lots of Beryl Conches down in the depths. The patterns are so intricate, I often lose track of the time just staring at them. These fossils are all that's left of these beautiful creatures... I wonder how long before the rest of the world becomes part of this underwater museum, too?
Interesting Things: LumitoileInteresting Things: LumitoileMedia:VO_Freminet Interesting Things - Lumitoile.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Interesting_Things_-_Lumitoile.ogg Lumitoile attach themselves to many things. Sometimes on the reefs or docks, but most commonly on large underwater buildings. Do you think they're drawn to humans like Cicins are drawn to the light?
About "Father": Tears Friendship Lv. 4About "Father": Tears Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Freminet About Father - Tears.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Father_-_Tears.ogg "Father" doesn't like it when children cry. "Father" says tears are the product of emotion and weakness. So when "Father" scolds me, I hold it in until I'm underwater, where no one can hear me cry. At least I have the Romaritime Flowers to keep me company.
About "Father": Teaching Friendship Lv. 6 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonAbout "Father": Teaching Friendship Lv. 6 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMedia:VO_Freminet About Father - Teaching.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Father_-_Teaching.ogg When I was little, I was taught that we should be ready to give our lives for our family. But when "Father" took control, this philosophy changed. "Father" said that every one of us is important, and we have to value our own lives, be our strongest selves, and stand on our own two feet in this world... But actually, all of that's much harder than just following orders.
About Lyney: Magic Shows Friendship Lv. 4About Lyney: Magic Shows Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Freminet About Lyney - Magic Shows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Lyney_-_Magic_Shows.ogg At home, Lyney's always showing me his magic tricks. Whenever I smile, he grins excitedly and says the audience is definitely going to love this one... Do I really smile so rarely?
About Lyney: Mask Friendship Lv. 6About Lyney: Mask Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Freminet About Lyney - Mask.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Lyney_-_Mask.ogg Lyney is our team leader, and acts like everyone's older brother... But I can tell that he puts on a brave face sometimes. I tried to talk to him about it once — told him that he doesn't need to wear a mask all the time. But he denied it, and we ended up having an argument... Since then, I've never brought it up with him again.
About Lynette Friendship Lv. 4About Lynette Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Freminet About Lynette.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Lynette.ogg If you assigned Lyney and Lynette with the same mission, they'd both do an outstanding job. But not me. Lynette is always comforting me, saying that everyone has their strengths, and how everyone relies on me to fix things around the house when they break down... If only I was half as good at anything else.
About Neuvillette Friendship Lv. 4About Neuvillette Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Freminet About Neuvillette.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Neuvillette.ogg One day when I surfaced after a dive, the Chief Justice was just standing there alone on the beach. I don't know whether he had something on his mind, or was just enjoying the view... Obviously, I didn't ask. I only locked eyes with him for a split-second before disappearing back underwater. Thinking back, I must have looked so guilty... *sigh*
About Furina: Avoiding the Question Friendship Lv. 4About Furina: Avoiding the Question Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Freminet About Furina - Avoiding the Question.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Furina_-_Avoiding_the_Question.ogg Uh... I'm in no position to give a well-rounded opinion on the Hydro Archon, so... I'll pass. I mean, I've only seen her a few times... so I'm sure I have a somewhat skewed view of her.
About Furina: Verdict Friendship Lv. 6About Furina: Verdict Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Freminet About Furina - Verdict.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Furina_-_Verdict.ogg ...Okay fine. I've seen what the Hydro Archon's like when she's sitting in the audience. In my view, she's a very charismatic speaker, but it's her silences that intrigue me more. Her eyes... they're like the darkness at the bottom of the ocean. Hiding a deep secret, afraid of anyone ever getting close to her... Ah! Sorry, I... I let my imagination get the better of me.
About Navia Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonAbout Navia Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMedia:VO_Freminet About Navia.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Navia.ogg Lyney told me everything. I'm so grateful to you and Navia for your warmth and generosity. Please pass on my thanks when you see her... Huh? Tell her myself? ...Uh, I, uh... Ooh, I've suddenly got stomach cramps — sorry, gotta dash.
About Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4About Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Freminet About Charlotte.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Charlotte.ogg For some reason, Charlotte never believes me when I say I'm just an ordinary diver. She's convinced that my past is full of news stories waiting for her to dig up... Am I really that bad of a liar?
About Clorinde Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningAbout Clorinde Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningMedia:VO_Freminet About Clorinde.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Clorinde.ogg I owe Clorinde my life, but she says she doesn't want anything from me in return... It's not a nice feeling, having put someone out so much, and only being able to offer empty thank-yous in return.
About Chevreuse Friendship Lv. 4About Chevreuse Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Freminet About Chevreuse.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_About_Chevreuse.ogg I hear that Chevreuse is a regular customer of Beaumont Workshop. She always purchases the most expensive and advanced components for her musket. If I make enough Mora, maybe one day I can afford to upgrade Pers's components.
More About Freminet: IMore About Freminet: IMedia:VO_Freminet More About Freminet - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_More_About_Freminet_-_01.ogg I'm sorry, I can't really think of any good stories to share... the ones I do know will just bring down your mood.
More About Freminet: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Freminet: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Freminet More About Freminet - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_More_About_Freminet_-_02.ogg My past... If you promise not to look at me, or you'll let me wear my diving helmet... Maybe then I could try to tell you a little more. Personality's one part of it, but... the bigger reason is that I've been avoiding my past for so long now, it might be hard to talk about...
More About Freminet: III Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMore About Freminet: III Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMedia:VO_Freminet More About Freminet - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_More_About_Freminet_-_03.ogg I read in a book that when people die, they turn into stars and watch over us from the sky... I hate my real father. He abandoned my mother and me, so I don't care about him. But... if my mother looks down from the sky and sees that, after all this time in his new home, the child she protected with her life is still so timid that he can't fend for himself... Will she be... disappointed in me?
More About Freminet: IV Friendship Lv. 5 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMore About Freminet: IV Friendship Lv. 5 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMedia:VO_Freminet More About Freminet - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_More_About_Freminet_-_04.ogg I don't like thinking about my time in the House of the Hearth under the previous director. All I'll say is... My habit of retreating into the sea started back then. "Father" changed not only me, but my view of our family, too. Then Lyney and Lynette joined the family... and for the first time ever, I gained some genuine companions.
More About Freminet: V Friendship Lv. 6 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMore About Freminet: V Friendship Lv. 6 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMedia:VO_Freminet More About Freminet - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_More_About_Freminet_-_05.ogg I once swore an oath that I would do whatever it takes to protect this family, and never look back. Now, I stay true to this oath not because it's the previous director's orders, or because it's what "Father" expects of me, but because it's my own desire. Please keep our family's secret safe... so that I can keep my promise.
Freminet's HobbiesFreminet's HobbiesMedia:VO_Freminet Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Hobbies.ogg Apart from diving, my main hobby is dismantling mechanical things and modifying them. I also collect spare parts, and sometimes I build new clockwork toys out of them. ...Pers? No, Pers is more like family to me. We grew up together... No, I'm serious. I'm always tinkering with it to add more functionality... I truly hope that a day will come when Pers can fly free into the sky.
Freminet's TroublesFreminet's TroublesMedia:VO_Freminet Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Troubles.ogg ...That's a tough question. I don't have any critical issues that need addressing, but at the same time, there's a long laundry list of minor things which all take their toll. If I was a clockwork toy on the shelf, I wouldn't even know where to start trying to fix me up... But at the end of the day, I guess it all comes down to one thing... I'm just too weak.
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Freminet Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Favorite_Food.ogg Seafood. Mainly fish and shrimp, crab's okay too. I'm really glad that Lyney and Lynette share my tastes, because it means we can eat meals together... I don't mind how the ingredients are cooked, though. I leave that decision up to them.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Freminet Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg I can't handle coffee. More than half a cup and before long, my heart starts racing and I can't calm my breathing down. Everyone says that coffee can boost your energy levels, but to me, it's torture...
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Freminet Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg It's good. So good, I don't want to eat all of it in one go.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Freminet Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg Is cooking one of your hobbies? It shows. I can taste how much care you put into these delicious meals.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Freminet Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Sorry... For a moment there I had the urge to run for my life. But that wouldn't be fair to you.
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Freminet Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Birthday.ogg Would you be willing to come with me somewhere? There's this place I know where the scenery is spectacular. I think it's even more magical than a fantasy novel. I have a secret hideout there, and I keep some glowing sea creatures as pets... I just want to give you a birthday experience like you've never had before, and then give you my birthday wishes... Will you give me the chance to do that?
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Freminet Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg Are... Are you sure?
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Freminet Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg You didn't have to do this for me, you know. I'd obey you regardless.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Freminet Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg Your time and energy is a precious resource. Shouldn't you... spend it on someone else?
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Freminet Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg How can I ever repay you for this? I don't know what to say, I... I don't have much practice at this, and right now I'm terrified of saying something stupid and upsetting you... and making you regret this whole thing... I'm sorry, is it okay if I just... say nothing, and just stay here with you for a while?
Combat[]
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Freminet Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Pers!Media:VO Freminet Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Get in gear.Media:VO Freminet Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Frost is coming.Media:VO Freminet Elemental Skill 1 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Elemental_Skill_1_04.ogg Media:VO Freminet Elemental Skill 1 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Elemental_Skill_1_05.ogg Media:VO Freminet Elemental Skill 1 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Elemental_Skill_1_06.ogg Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Freminet Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Going under.Media:VO Freminet Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Commencing cleanup.Media:VO Freminet Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Dead reckoning.Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Freminet Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Freminet Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Freminet Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndFreminet does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Freminet Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Freminet Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Freminet Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Freminet Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg If there's any scrap metal or parts you don't want, I'll take them.Media:VO Freminet Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg There's a lot of treasure here.Media:VO Freminet Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Sort the items by type and store them for future use.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Freminet Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Low_HP_01.ogg I've had worse.Media:VO Freminet Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Low_HP_02.ogg I can take it...Media:VO Freminet Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Low_HP_03.ogg Just keep breathing...Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Freminet Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg You're wounded...Media:VO Freminet Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Um, maybe... You should...FallenFallenMedia:VO Freminet Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Fallen_01.ogg No home... to return to...Media:VO Freminet Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Fallen_02.ogg Sinking... feeling...Media:VO Freminet Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Fallen_03.ogg "Father"...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Freminet Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Freminet Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Freminet Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Freminet Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Freminet Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Freminet Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Freminet Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Oh no...Media:VO Freminet Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Please, no...Media:VO Freminet Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Freminet Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Freminet Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Freminet Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Freminet Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Joining_Party_01.ogg Yes, take me with you.Media:VO Freminet Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Joining_Party_02.ogg At your command.Media:VO Freminet Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Joining_Party_03.ogg Well, I've got nowhere to go...Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Freminet does not feature any Character Idles Voice-Overs.Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Freminet Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Freminet Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Freminet Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Freminet Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Freminet Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Freminet Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Freminet Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Freminet Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Freminet Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Freminet Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Freminet Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Freminet Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Freminet Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Freminet Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Freminet Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Freminet Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Freminet Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Freminet Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Freminet Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Freminet Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Freminet Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Freminet Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Freminet Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Freminet Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Freminet_Jumping_05.ogg 
Navigation[]
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Freminet










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Freminet can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining  and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 Undersea Merusea's Luster
4.2 Continuous Clockwork Inspiration


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets[]
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Freminet has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsContinuous Clockwork Inspiration 20 2 20,000Undersea Merusea's Luster 20 1 20,000
Idle Quotes[]

 Clockwork...
 Pers...
 The ocean...
 Home...
 Silence is bliss...
(When the player is nearby)
 ...
 I'm here...

Dialogue[]

Media:vo freminet mimitomo hello 01.ogg Freminet: ...
Media:vo freminet mimitomo hello 02.ogg Freminet: I'm here.
 How do you like it here?
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Freminet: Mhm.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Freminet: ...
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Freminet: I mean, uh... Everything here is really nice. And I'm used to it now, so there's no need to worry about me.
 It's okay. You don't have to be so polite.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg Freminet: Sorry...
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg Freminet: I'm just worried that if I just say everything on my mind, I might cause unnecessary misunderstandings.
 You can tell me how you really feel.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg Freminet: Heh... Are you really sure about that?
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Freminet: ...
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Freminet: ...Alright, then in that case, I'll do as you ask...
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Freminet: To tell you the truth, I—I'm actually a little homesick.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Freminet: Even though this place is really comfortable, and the environment here is flawless, I just... can't seem to get used to life here.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg Freminet: This is nobody's problem but my own, so... Please don't think I'm upset with you, or unsatisfied about anything in this place.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg Freminet: ...I hope you can forgive me.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Would you like to chat?
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Freminet: Mhm... Please go ahead.
 Why don't we talk about Pers?
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Freminet: ...Ah, thank you for remembering its name.
 Is there a story behind Pers's name?
 Why does Pers look the way it does?
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Freminet: To explain it... I'll need to tell you a really, really old story I once read in a picture book.
 Ooh, I'm listening!
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Freminet: Mhm... So once upon a time, in a faraway seaside town, there lived a black and white bird.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Freminet: Since birth, it spoke with a stutter, walked with a wobble, and was unable to fly, so it was always bullied by the other birds.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Freminet: Until one day, greedy pirates stole a jewel-studded diadem from the underwater palace...
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Freminet: In a flash, lightning and thunder engulfed the sea, and a tsunami rose from the depths, threatening to wipe out the entire town...
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Freminet: The black-and-white bird tried to leap upwards, but it still couldn't fly... In its recklessness, it crashed against the mast and sank into the ocean alongside the wrecked ship.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Freminet: The seabirds flying overhead thought it would drown right then and there, but to their surprise, it began to swim like the swiftest of fish!
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Freminet: It swam and swam, until its strength finally gave out. It restored the diadem to its rightful place underwater, and immediately, the storms died down, and it was as if nothing bad had ever happened.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg Freminet: As you've probably guessed by now... The bird in the story was named Pers. It was a penguin that came to town by accident.
 What a wonderful story.
 Ah, I didn't know you were friends with a hero!
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 12b.ogg Freminet: ...Heh, you're right.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg Freminet: I've always admired the Pers in the story, but after reading it, what struck me the most was... its loneliness.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg Freminet: So, I decided to stick close and hug Pers, so we can keep each other warm...
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Freminet: Hmm... Could I trouble you to accompany me to a few places when you're free?
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Freminet: I'd like to visit Lepaute Horlogerie, Beaumont Workshop, and the Vasari Passage.
 Sure thing.
 Is there anything in particular you're interested in?
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Freminet: Mhm... I'd like to take a look at their clockwork crafts, as well as the variety of small mechanisms they usually have to offer.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Freminet: I'm a regular of Leschots', but whenever I pass by the other shops, I can't help but be curious...
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Freminet: What lies hidden deep within those shops? What if there's something there that's both original and exquisitely designed?
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Freminet: What I wouldn't give to be able to see everything for myself! If only... *sigh*
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Freminet: See, I'm... not very good at dealing with people, and if I spent a lot of time gawking at the wares without paying a single coin, I'm sure the shopkeepers would get mad at me.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Freminet: So, if you could step in at that point, and help me...
 Explain on your behalf?
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 09a.ogg Freminet: Yeah... Something like that. I know it's might be awkward, but...
 Pay for the wares?
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 09b 1.ogg Freminet: Eh!? No, no, of course not! That's not what I meant at all...
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 09b 2.ogg Freminet: Just a few words of explanation... should be enough.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 09b 3.ogg Freminet: I'll pay you back, I swear! As long as it's something I can do...
 No problem.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Freminet: Ahh, thank you so much! I'm... not dreaming, am I?
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Good morning, Freminet.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo morning 01.ogg Freminet: Good morning.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo morning 02.ogg Freminet: I'm... just going to stay here if you don't have any special assignments.
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Freminet.
Media:vo freminet mimitomo night 01.ogg Freminet: Good night, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo freminet mimitomo night 02.ogg Freminet: "May your dreams be as dazzling as the starry night above the ocean, and your dreamless nights be naught but filled with serene respite."

Special Dialogue[]
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

Undersea Merusea's Luster[]

Media:vo mimitomo fd freminet meruseavillage 01.ogg Freminet: These buildings and those spherical lamps — they use this style in Merusea Village, don't they? I recognize them from a picture album.
Media:vo mimitomo fd freminet meruseavillage 02.ogg Freminet: Legends say that the home of the Melusines is a secluded little village deep under the water, far away from the rest of the world — the kind of village you read about in fairytales. But I've always believed it's real.
Media:vo mimitomo fd freminet meruseavillage 03.ogg Freminet: Um... But please don't tell anyone else I said that. Most people would probably think I'm just being childish...

Continuous Clockwork Inspiration[]

Media:vo mimitomo fd freminet mechworkshop 01.ogg Freminet: With storage heaters like this, adding an extra layer of heating elements makes them more durable than is usually advertized.
Media:vo mimitomo fd freminet mechworkshop 02.ogg Freminet: And the motor in this kind of fan is always running at critical velocity, which poses a safety issue...
Media:vo mimitomo fd freminet mechworkshop 03.ogg Freminet: ...Sorry! I tend to get carried away when I start talking about this kind of stuff. Um, with your permission, though, I could definitely tweak them so they run a lot better! At least, I—I think I could...

Change History[]
Released in Version 4.0[Edit History]Version 4.3
The following Furnishing Sets were assigned as favorite for this character:
Continuous Clockwork Inspiration
Undersea Merusea's Luster

Version 4.0

Freminet/Companion was released.
Navigation[]
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






