A wandering samurai of the once-famed Kaedehara Clan with an ability to read the sounds of nature, Kazuha is a temporary crewmember of The Crux. Despite being burdened by the many happenings of his past, Kazuha still maintains an easygoing disposition.





Falling Leaves





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Kaedehara Kazuha


De­scrip­tion
Kaedehara Kazuha's outfit. The maple leaf patterns are the hallmark of this wandering samurai's clothes.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


Falling Leaves is Kaedehara Kazuha's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance
2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
Kazuha's hair is tied in an off-center ponytail to his right.
Kazuha's outfit consists of a gray short-sleeved kimono, a black haori coat, red hakama pants with maple leaf designs, and black sandals with dark red tights and black leg plating. Half of Kazuha's haori coat is worn normally on his left arm, with a flowy orange sleeve decorated with orange and red maple leaves, while the other half is draped behind his waist and secured by an obi belt on top. Kazuha also wears a black and red scarf with gold accents, and a slanted belt that goes under his right arm and over his left shoulder, where his Anemo Vision is pinned behind. The Vision is tied to a red tassel decoration and is near samurai shoulder plating.
Kazuha also wears black glove plates that protect the backs of his hands and his left forearm. His right hand is bandaged, possibly to protect against injuries from constant sword use.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Kaedehara Kazuha 1.mp4      Media:Idle Kaedehara Kazuha 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Kaedehara Kazuha.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Kaedehara Kazuha.mp4      Media:Party Setup Kaedehara Kazuha.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishFalling Leaves—Chinese(Simplified)叶落天涯Yè luò tiānyáFalling Leaves in a Faraway PlaceChinese(Traditional)葉落天涯Yè luò tiānyáJapanese天涯に落ちゆく葉Tengai ni Ochiyuku HaLeaves Fleeing to the Distant LandKorean하늘 끝의 단풍Haneul ggeut-ui DanpungMaple at the End of the SkySpanishHojas flotantesFloating LeavesFrenchFeuilles volantesFlying LeavesRussianЛистопадListopadLeaf FallThaiพเนจรสุดขอบฟ้าPhanechon sut khop faWandering to the Edge of the HorizonVietnameseChân Trời Lá ĐỏRed Leaves HorizonGermanFallende BlätterFalling LeavesIndonesianFalling Leaves—PortugueseFolhas CaídasFallen LeavesTurkishDökülen YapraklarFalling LeavesItalianAria d'autunnoAutumn Air
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.6[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
A wandering samurai from Inazuma with a modest and gentle personality.
Beneath a youthful and carefree demeanor lies a heart that hides a great many burdens from the past. Seemingly easygoing, Kazuha has his own code of conduct.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction
4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Vision Shell
4.8 Vision


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 Archon Quests
7.2 Story Quests
7.3 Events
7.4 Web Events


8 Character Trials

8.1 Quests
8.2 Quest Domains
8.3 Events
8.4 Test Run Events


9 Character Mentions

9.1 Character Voice-Overs
9.2 Mails


10 Mail
11 Trivia

11.1 Etymology
11.2 Haiku
11.3 Other Poetry


12 Other Languages

12.1 Character Title: Scarlet Leaves Pursue Wild Waves


13 References
14 Navigation


Personality
A wandering samurai from Inazuma who is currently with Liyue's Crux Fleet. A gentle and carefree soul whose heart hides a great many burdens from the past.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Kazuha is a polite and well-spoken person. Unlike other noble Inazuman clan members, he prefers going out and traveling rather than staying put indoors, something that he is able to do due to the seizure of his clan home. He once roamed Inazuma peacefully as a modest wanderer for a good portion of his life, teaching himself bladework and picking up other skills. Never seeking luxury, he is instead easily pleased just by sleeping on a sun-warmed rock. The time he has spent outdoors makes him attuned to nature and the wind, being able to "hear" and "smell" everything around him with absolute clarity. He can sense dangers, read people and track them down in an instant no matter how well they try to conceal it. Due to this sensitivity he prefers calm weather and never stays in one place for too long, having trouble sleeping for the former[2][3] and having his skills stagnate for the latter.
Kazuha firmly believes that everyone is entitled to their hopes and dreams and that no one has the right to take them, not even a god. For this reason, he opposes the Raiden Shogun and those who support her. Despite his values, he isn't prideful and can acknowledge the strong fighting prowess and honorable conduct of those he personally disagrees with. He sees his friend's duel as honorable and noble, but also considers his subsequent execution by the Shogun to be both fair and justified.[4] Kazuha is determined in his goals, pursuing them with thoroughness and cunning, but he also takes his time and is easygoing. He is very reflective and thoughtful about all matters, frequently pondering about various topics in his travels. He holds his relationships in high regard, immediately coming out of hiding for his friend and forever grateful to Beidou and Gorou for taking him in when he needed shelter. Kazuha frequently warns others of coming storms and possible trouble. He happily does simple errands, offers advice, and is willing to help others.
After the death of his friend and joining the Crux he was quiet and wouldn't speak to any of his crewmates, but he eventually warmed up to them and according to Beidou is fairly chatty. Kazuha has a poetic side and enjoys penning haikus, though he claims to not be especially talented at it. As a result of both traveling many places and sailing for long periods of time, Kazuha has grown particularly fond of readily available grilled fish and takes the time to prepare and finish his food slowly. While he is not picky about what he eats, he does not appreciate rushed meals or lazy cooking methods. His most prized possession is his sword that he keeps with him at all times, a source of pride for Kazuha as both an Inazuman and a samurai. He is also incredibly fond of red maple leaves, finding them beautiful and enjoys seeing them rain during autumn. When unable to view such sights, he frequently collects and carries them as a memento to ease any homesickness.[3]

Appearance
See also: Falling Leaves
Kazuha uses the medium male model. He has platinum blond hair with a single orange-red streak on his right. He has red eyes with a yellow hue at the bottom.

Official Introduction
Enchanted by the Birds and Blossoms, He Wanders the Moonlit Path
If one's heart is empty, all under heaven is empty.But if one's heart is pure, all under heaven is pure.—Kazuha's Musings
A wandering samurai from Inazuma with a modest and gentle personality.
Beneath a youthful and carefree demeanor lies a heart that hides a great many burdens from the past. Seemingly easygoing, Kazuha has his own code of conduct.
Kazuha leads a wandering life, setting out on his journey in the day, and sleeps with the sky as his blanket and earth as his bed in the night. Wealth has never been his pursuit, and regardless of summer or winter, what he seeks has always been true peace in his heart. Despite the wilderness being his home, he never worries about the impending rain or storm. It is as if rainstorms are afraid of him, because they do not dare to cross his path.
Out of curiosity, someone asked about this talent and Kazuha answered with absolute honesty — reading the sounds of nature is a unique ability of his. People do not usually pay attention to the weather, so it is no surprise that they are unable to discover the signs it reveals. However, given Kazuha's skill, he can sense the arrival of snow and rain immediately with just a gust of wind or abnormal humidity. That is when he knows it's time to seek shelter.
Kazuha, who has traversed around the lands, has avoided countless torrents of storms and flashes of lightning. This time, however, what awaits him will be an unprecedented thunderstorm. This time, he will no longer seek refuge. He, the rain, and the lightning will meet at the intersection of fate, as destiny marks it.
"—— I hear a storm strike far and distant, with only a whisper light and faint. From the sky there falls no rain, thus here I shall still remain."

Character Stories
Character Details
Most people who meet Kaedehara Kazuha for the first time might be inclined to assume that he is just a trainee sailor with the Crux Fleet.After all, he is a gentle soul who enjoys reciting poetry when idle, and who speaks to everyone in a leisurely manner. Who could tell that he is a wanted man throughout Inazuma?Even Beidou, ever the good judge of character, could not tell that Kazuha could wield a sword with the skill of a seasoned warrior when she first decided to take him in.Who knows if it was the storms of life that smoothed out his rough edges, or if his natural restraint has kept his edge sheathed.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
The Crux, an armed fleet from Liyue, spends much of the year on the high seas, and its sailors are quite used to the vagaries of life in other nations. So they were more curious than surprised when an outlander began serving as a sailor on their flagship, the Alcor.The sailor in question was picked up when the Alcor docked at the Inazuman port of Ritou.Beidou had made friends with this young man, and when he came on board, she told her crew, "This guy's gonna be staying with us for a while. Take care of him, now."The sailors trusted Beidou's judgment and admired the newcomer for his martial prowess, not to mention his ability to predict the weather, so they were happy to overlook his reticence to discuss his past, and welcomed him aboard.Still, their curiosity did not abate, and they would often find all sorts of excuses to try and ply him for information about his experiences."I've heard that they make some sweet blades there in Inazuma and that the bigger the fish you are, the swankier the sword. So, uh... how's yours measure up?""..."Kazuha would remain silent in the face of all such queries.Over time, after countless attempts to garner a response proved futile, the sailors would simply give up asking.Eventually, it was an off-the-cuff remark from Chief Mate, Juza, just a few days later that finally managed to elicit a reply."Hey, Inazuma boy. What are the lads supposed to call you if they don't even know your name?"The young sailor wiped the sweat from his brow with his callused hands."My name is Kaedehara Kazuha, a wandering samurai. I am in your debt for taking me in, so just call me 'Kazuha.'"Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
Kazuha was not born a commoner. He hails from an Inazuman noble house of old, the last son of the Kaedehara Clan.Inazuma City is home to many illustrious clans, and the Kaedehara name was once one of the most renowned among them. But fortune is fickle, and the Kaedeharas' fortunes had already collapsed by the time they were Kazuha's to inherit.As the young master of the house, Kazuha could do nothing but watch as his family's future crumbled around him. But as helpless as this made him feel, when the moment came that the home was officially repossessed and the last attendant was finally dismissed, he breathed a sigh of relief: As far as he was concerned, this was a golden opportunity to begin leading a free and wandering life.He had always longed to roam the mountains and forests, and had held a deep admiration for the beauty and authenticity of nature since his youth.To Kazuha, nature had never been silent. It had always spoken to him, conveying its feelings in its own unique language.When the wind ceases to speak and the world falls silent, that is the calm before the skies begin to weep. When silent springs suddenly leap into activity, it is the omen of a great earthquake.These are the unique poetics that nature has bestowed upon him, and Kazuha was never one to be preoccupied with luxury anyway — so if the burden of family responsibility should drop from his shoulders, why not go wandering, and travel light?Thus did Kazuha strike out on his journey, like a falling leaf in the yard carried away by the wind.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
All travelers who outdoors roam need some skill to call their own. For Kazuha, this is his ability to read the sounds of nature.After leaving Inazuma City, Kazuha wandered here and there. Things were different now: all of nature was his treasured home, and the sounds of wind and water beneath the sight of drifting clouds set his heart at ease.All that he saw on the road filled him with curiosity. It was in this state of mind that Kazuha arrived at a mountain in the south.It was early summer, and the frequent and heavy rainfall had turned the mountain roads to mud. Seeing that night was soon to fall, Kazuha decided to find somewhere to shelter from the rain. No sooner had he had this thought than he turned around to see a small straw hut at the far end of the road.The traveling merchant with whom he was traveling at that time whooped for joy at the sight of the hut: "Kazuha, look! We'll have a roof over our heads tonight!"But Kazuha did not speak. He paused and listened intently for a long while before he finally replied: "If you were to ask my opinion... it may be best to stay away."But the merchant did not wish to remain in the rain. He left Kazuha and made his way to the house.Upon knocking at the door, the traveling merchant was met by a lovely woman who offered him shelter, tea, food, and even bedding for the night.Perhaps it was the excellent food, but the merchant quickly became drowsy and fell asleep immediately after finishing his meal.When he awoke the following morning, there was no roof over his head. The bright sunlight pierced his eyes, and all he could see was Kazuha standing nearby, looking down at him and smiling.Before the merchant could speak, he vomited a great pile of leaves and mud. And as for the bedding upon which he had slept so soundly, ah, it too was mud.Kazuha smiled and said: "The wind is weaker where there are houses. Yet here stood a hut, and there was no change in the mountain breeze. I think you might have been the victim of a bake-danuki's prank. Never mind. Next time, listen more closely to the wind and tread with care."Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5  •  Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves
Kazuha made many friends during his travels. One of them was particularly close to his heart, and for a time, the two journeyed together.But they too would part, for their destinations were different.To have met merely by chance and then form such a strong bond, there must be a fated connection between them... so, although they would part ways for now, surely they would meet again. Or so Kazuha thought.But something happened soon thereafter that would shatter his calm disposition — the Almighty Shogun promulgated the Vision Hunt Decree and swore to retrieve all Visions.All who wielded them, including Kazuha, were stricken with panic, concealing their identities and going into hiding.It was then that Kazuha received shocking news: Someone had dared to call for a "duel before the throne," and that someone was none other than Kazuha's dear friend.The defeated party in a duel before the throne would face punishment at the hand of the Shogun herself. His friend was prepared to risk all to come before the throne, partly for the chance to fight against a strong foe, but also to demonstrate the meaning of courage to all.And yet, to call for this challenge now, of all times... Kazuha feared that his punishment, should he fail, would be absolute: The Almighty Shogun would unleash her lightning upon him in its full fury, and it would surely take his life.Even the normally calm Kazuha could not restrain himself. He drew his sword and stormed into Tenshukaku like a whirlwind... But alas, he arrived too late.His friend's sword lay shattered in pieces, his Vision now an empty husk. Now a wanted man himself, Kazuha fled with grief in his heart.From that moment on, the days of peaceful wanderings were over, and Kazuha's life became an unending series of battles.Kazuha did not fear battle, of course, but the constant fighting left him feeling lost and perplexed.He did not regret having set out on his doomed rescue mission, nor did he begrudge his friend for leaving him, but he could not help but think..."Is this endless conflict truly the only way to assert one's ideals?"Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6  •  Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves
The Crux Fleet became Kazuha's new home, and he drifted on the ocean wherever it took him.Trouble still found him from time to time, but no issue was insurmountable with the support of the Crux crew.From his vantage point on the Alcor's crow's nest, gazing out at the azure sea and sky, he finally had the space to think over the tumultuous events of his past and what it all meant to him."Every samurai wishes to live their life with passion and to claim the greatest reputation possible using the sword in their hands.""But there will always be those whose base desires lead them astray from the path of justice and virtue, and whose blades leave an endless trail of enmity in their wake.""Surely the heavens did not give us fleshly forms and the gods did not watch over our lives all so that we might take up arms against one another.""Then, this sword I wield is not meant to slay, but to save...""Yes, this shall be my path as a samurai, and I shall defend it all my days."As he reached the conclusion of his thoughts, Kazuha was suddenly inspired to pen down a few verses to serve as a maxim for himself thereafter... but before he could get started, he was interrupted by an irate voice from down below:"Hey, Kazuha, quit gawking at the sky — get down here and lend a hand!"It seemed the maxim would have to wait for another day. Whatever the helmsman, Sea Drake, needed help with clearly couldn't wait.Vision Shell Friendship Lv. 4  •  Omnipresence Over Mortals
Kazuha was just as surprised as everybody else when the Vision briefly lit up during that great battle.For in all the time that he had spent searching high and low trying to find someone who might rekindle it, never had he imagined that he could be the one to cause its light to shine once more. It was almost as if his late friend were lending him his aid from behind the scenes.This empty shell of a Vision not only proved this, but had also brought him many fateful encounters along the way:He had been aided by the resistance, saved and taken in by Captain Beidou, and he had even met the fabled Traveler...In life there were seasons of hopelessness and desperation, but there were also moments of great serendipity.His journey was like the rise and fall of a mountain path — at times, the struggle was all but too much to bear, but there would always be moments when he would touch the clouds.Vision Friendship Lv. 6
The morning mist covered the mountains like a blanket as Kazuha trod a small trail alone.The world was silent. Not a single feather flapped, and not a single cicada sang.Even the roiling waves seemed to have fallen into slumber, leaving just the faint whisper of the wind audible against the silence. Kazuha stuck out his tongue — the air tasted heavy and gloomy.This told him that it would soon rain.He peered into the distance and spotted a plume of smoke up ahead. Below it were several straw huts. Tonight, it seemed, he would have a roof over his head.He informed the owner of the house that a storm was coming. At first, he was met with skepticism, but come noon the rains arrived right on cue.In awe of this wanderer's skill, the master of the house eagerly offered him lodging.The storm raged into the night. Kazuha held his quilt close, and as he listened to the onslaught of rain against the autumn leaves, his mind began to wander.In the time since the Kaedehara Clan's fortune had faded away and he had set off on his journey, Kazuha had traveled across many of Inazuma's islands and had become intimately acquainted with the plight of the wanderer.Moving between islands usually necessitated traveling by sea. Kazuha would make these trips alone, in a small, slow boat, making things all the more perilous when he had to battle against strong headwinds or violent thunderstorms...And yet, there was limitless fascination to be found in this same journey of his, where the vast sky and boundless earth was his home, and all living things that inhabited them were his friends.If one's heart is empty, all under heaven is empty.But if one's heart is pure, all under heaven is pure.With his sword in his hand and his chosen path in his heart, he could go on his way with a song on his lips and with nothing to fear, no matter the perils he may face.Kazuha slept soundly that night, his mind at rest having made peace with his feelings.The next day, he awoke to the sound of birds... and a shining Vision lying upon his chest.
Namecard


Kaedehara Kazuha: Autumn Maple-Viewing




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with Kaedehara KazuhaDescription:"The pine-song ripples as red leaves billow."

Constellation
Acer PalmatumStory Chapter:Acer PalmatumMeaning:Japanese Maple(lit. "palmate maple") 
Quests and Events
Archon QuestsChapter IIPrologue: Autumn Winds, Scarlet LeavesA Path Through the StormThe Crux ClashFollow the WindAct I: The Immovable God and the Eternal EuthymiaSetting Sail (cutscene)Act II: Stillness, the Sublimation of ShadowIn the Name of the ResistanceAct III: Omnipresence Over MortalsThe Omnipresent GodStory QuestsAcer Palmatum Chapter (Kaedehara Kazuha)Act I: A Strange and Friendless RoadUpon the Plain, a Purple ShadowEre the End, a Glance BackThrough the Mist, a Name UnveiledEventsTuned to the World's SoundsTuned to the World's SoundsHues of the Violet GardenTrue Tales of the Violet GardenAct III: A New Painting in Pale ScarletA New Painting in Pale ScarletAct IV: The Palace, Dyed in BlackThe Palace, Dyed in BlackThe Five Colors' True FormSummertime OdysseyI: The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!II: As the Courtyard in Spring Once AppearedAs the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 1)As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 2)As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 3)III: Blazin' TrailsBlazin' Trails (Part 1)Blazin' Trails (Part 2)Blazin' Trails (Part 3)IV: Immernachtreich ApokalypseImmernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 1)Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 2)Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 3)V: The Ancient Azure StarsThe Ancient Azure Stars (Part 1)The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 2)The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 3)VI: Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer ReverieLike Rhyme and Song, the Summer ReverieAkitsu KimodameshiPart I: Test of CouragePart II: Haunted TalesPart III: The Currents of LifeThe Exquisite Night ChimesEpilogue: Between Facades and Familiar FacesDuel! The Summoners' Summit!Round 2: Roll! A Sea of New AcquaintancesWeb EventsDistant VoyageSide by Side We VentureAn Unforgettable JourneyMesmerizing Dream at SeaCanvas of Starlight MemoriesDiscover Teyvat
Character Trials
QuestsEre the End, a Glance Back in Kaedehara Kazuha's Story Quest, Acer Palmatum Chapter: Act I - A Strange and Friendless RoadEvent Story Quest Immernachtreich Apokalypse in Summertime Odyssey:  IV - Immernachtreich ApokalypseThrough the Mist, a Name Unveiled in Kaedehara Kazuha's Story Quest, Acer Palmatum Chapter: Act I - A Strange and Friendless RoadQuest DomainsImmernachtreich Apokalypse: Part III — Event Story Quest Immernachtreich Apokalypse in Summertime Odyssey:  IV - Immernachtreich ApokalypseOccupied Hold — Ere the End, a Glance Back in Kaedehara Kazuha's Story Quest, Acer Palmatum Chapter: Act I - A Strange and Friendless RoadEventsMisty Dungeon: Realm of LightA Study in Potions/Dusty WrackHyakunin Ikki 2022-03-18Vibro-Crystal ResearchPerilous TrailFayz TrialsAdventurer's TrialsMisty Dungeon: Realm of SandSecond BloomingVibro-Crystal VerificationFayz Trials: HypothesisThe Peaks and Troughs of LifeMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterTriumphant FrenzyThe Great Fayz Reaction DebateTest Run EventsKaedehara Kazuha, Rosaria, Bennett, Razor — 2021-06-29Kaedehara Kazuha, Klee, Shikanoin Heizou, Ningguang, Thoma — 2022-07-13Alhaitham, Kaedehara Kazuha, Yaoyao, Shikanoin Heizou — 2023-06-13Neuvillette, Kaedehara Kazuha, Xingqiu, Yanfei — 2024-04-02
Character Mentions
Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversArataki IttoAbout Kaedehara Kazuha Media:VO_Arataki Itto About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Arataki Itto About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Arataki Itto About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Arataki Itto About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Word on the street is that he blocked the Musou no Hitotachi after you escaped from Tenshukaku. Seriously? 'Cause I mean, that is awesome! Who knows how he pulled it off. Hey, now that I think about it, he's from a fallen clan, and I'm from a fallen clan... That kinda makes us equals, haha! Yeah, so next time someone attacks you, it's my turn to block the blade!BeidouAbout Kaedehara Kazuha Media:VO_Beidou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Beidou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Beidou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Beidou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Kazuha? That scallywag actually blocked a strike from the Raiden Shogun outside Tenshukaku! Easier said than done... After the battle he came to the Crux Fleet — said he'd voyage with us a while longer. I was more than happy to oblige. If the day comes when he decides to set off again by himself on the next stage of his journey, I'll send him off with a drink, haha...GorouAbout Kaedehara Kazuha Media:VO_Gorou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Gorou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Gorou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Gorou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg I've seen all kinds of wandering samurai before, and Kazuha is categorically a different breed from the others. He's like a gust of wind that sweeps through the land. Though he never stays for long, he is always able to contribute something to those who are around him. When I fought alongside him, I learned more about what it means to be truly carefree and without constraints. In any case, I think that Kazuha and I make a great team together!Kamisato AyatoAbout Kaedehara Kazuha Media:VO_Kamisato Ayato About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kamisato Ayato About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Kamisato Ayato About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Kamisato Ayato About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Once upon a time, the Kaedehara Clan was a subordinate branch of the Kamisato Clan. My forebears may have failed to save his family from decline, but even today I have a duty to support him. Now, naturally, there is nothing I can do to restore his clan's former fortunes. But as for helping him avoid arrest by the Tenryou Commission, that is well within my capabilities...Sangonomiya KokomiAbout Kaedehara Kazuha Media:VO_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Kazuha once came and bunked with the resistance for a time. If I'm not mistaken, he got along very well with Gorou — they would often fight side-by-side in battle. Kazuha has a carefree personality and doesn't like constraints, but he would follow every command to the letter when he was among our ranks. In my opinion, not only is he an outstanding swordsman, but a very refined character.Shikanoin HeizouAbout Kaedehara Kazuha: Things in Common Media:VO_Shikanoin Heizou About Kaedehara Kazuha - Things in Common.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shikanoin Heizou About Kaedehara Kazuha - Things in Common.ogg Media:VO JA_Shikanoin Heizou About Kaedehara Kazuha - Things in Common.ogg Media:VO KO_Shikanoin Heizou About Kaedehara Kazuha - Things in Common.ogg Oh, Kazuha? Yeah, he's a solid guy. With his help, I felt like a locked treasure chest of clues had been bust wide open and emptied all over the ground for me to see. If only I had his sensitivity to the natural world... Oh, I get it now! The wind to him must be like my intuition to me!About Kaedehara Kazuha: Invitation Media:VO_Shikanoin Heizou About Kaedehara Kazuha - Invitation.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shikanoin Heizou About Kaedehara Kazuha - Invitation.ogg Media:VO JA_Shikanoin Heizou About Kaedehara Kazuha - Invitation.ogg Media:VO KO_Shikanoin Heizou About Kaedehara Kazuha - Invitation.ogg Ohh... It's such a pity! Since the Vision Hunt Decree's been repealed, I no longer have any grounds to officially arrest him. But then again... I guess now, I can just openly invite him to come to the Tenryou Commission and discuss cases with me.TravelerAbout Kaedehara Kazuha Media:VO_Aether_About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Aether_About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Aether_About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Aether_About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO_Lumine_About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lumine_About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Lumine_About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Lumine_About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Paimon: Kazuha is a free spirit, wouldn't you say?(Traveler): Yeah, he seems to be a bit of a loner too.Paimon: Being able to explore the world at his leisure while savoring the beauty of everything around him. That doesn't sound too shabby...Paimon: (Traveler), you aren't thinking of sneaking off to go on a solo adventure, right?(Traveler): Aw, I would never leave you, Paimon.Paimon: Paimon's really happy to hear that. Here... Hee—hee, have this...(Traveler): Monthly food expenses... 300,000 Mora!?Paimon: Hey! Wait! (Traveler), Where are you going?(Traveler): I suddenly feel like going solo. Maybe it's not a bad idea after all.Paimon: Please don't go! Wait for Paimon!WandererAbout Kaedehara Kazuha Media:VO_Wanderer About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Wanderer About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Wanderer About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Wanderer About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg You speak of the descendant of the Kaedehara clan? Then isn't he... Wait, he also possesses an Anemo Vision? ...And even managed to take on the Raiden Shogun's Musou no Hitotachi? Hehe... Ahahahaha!YoimiyaAbout Kaedehara Kazuha Media:VO_Yoimiya About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yoimiya About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Yoimiya About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Yoimiya About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg People with no worries like myself speak plainly, while those with many cares often speak of ancient poetry or the scenery. They talk of flowers and birds, wind and moon, but never about the reality that confronts them. He's got quite the tale to tell, I'm sure.Yun JinAbout Kaedehara Kazuha Media:VO_Yun Jin About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yun Jin About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Yun Jin About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Yun Jin About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha is among the many outlanders who enjoy Liyue opera. Whether it's an orchestral section or a percussive piece, he always sits there and listens quietly. Talk about great manners!MailsSenderMailsGorouThe Tournament... (Birthday Mail)
Mail
The Wind Blows... (2021-10-29)Our Converging Paths (2022-10-29)Season of Scarlet Leaves (2023-10-29)
Trivia
Kazuha is the first playable Inazuman character. Like Tartaglia, he was temporarily listed under Liyue Harbor on the official website, which is the region where the player first meets him, and was then moved to the newly added Inazuma section of the website on the Version 2.0 release.
Kazuha wields the Fillet Blade in the cutscenes of the Archon Quest In the Name of the Resistance in Chapter II: Act II - Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow and the Archon Quest The Omnipresent God in Chapter II: Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals.
Kazuha is the first playable character since the game's global release who did not get a special dish or a Teyvat Food Notes entry on his release.
However, after Version 2.0 was released, his special dish All-Weather Beauty was added, alongside the addition of its base dish Dry-Braised Salted Fish.
Despite hailing from Inazuma, because Kazuha was released before Inazuma was and his affiliation with the Crux, he uses Liyue talent books instead of Inazuman ones. He still uses Inazuman items for his ascension, although this is due to the fact that they released earlier with the Golden Apple Archipelago.
Kazuha is familiar with the Watatsumi Army and the resistance led by Kamisato Ayaka, Thoma and Yoimiya, as outright stated and/or implied in the Archon Quest Chapter II: Act II - Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow and the Archon Quest Chapter II: Act I - The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia respectively.
Kamisato Ayaka references Kazuha's friend, and implies that she knows Kazuha when the Traveler notes that they are aware of Kazuha's friend.
After Kazuha and Beidou fight at the front line alongside the Watatsumi Army, Sangonomiya Kokomi welcomes him back to their group.
Additionally, Kazuha has worked with Gorou before, as Kokomi remarks that they had gotten along well while he was with the resistance.
Kazuha is seemingly able to perceive that the Traveler is from another world, as is suggested by his dialogue in the Archon Quest A Path Through the Storm in Chapter II: Prologue - Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves, making him one of the few characters who found out without being directly told.
Kazuha, along with Xiao and Xianyun, are the only characters who can perform an Elemental Skill midair.
Kazuha's return animation after casting his Elemental Skill and after performing his fifth sword strike and Charged Attack differs from his normal return animation. Instead of throwing the sword away, Kazuha seals the sword in a scabbard as a mitsudomoe glows at his sheath hand.
Kazuha is one of the three event-exclusive 5-Star characters to not receive a Story Quest on release, the others being Shenhe and the Wanderer.
Most Inazuma trees that can be bought from Realm Depot are hinted to be named by Kazuha (see Furnishing Mentions).[5]
Kazuha is one of only a few characters who have been seen wielding more than one element, though it was temporary for him. During the Archon Quest The Omnipresent God in Chapter II: Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals, Kazuha wielded both Anemo from his own Vision and Electro from the Masterless Vision that belonged to his friend.
Kaedehara Kazuha is known by these aliases or titles:
Kaedehara Kid (by Juza)
Kaedehara Kazuha is mentioned in the descriptions of the following 3 Furnishings: Doves the World Over, Repose Seeking Flower's First Blushing Bloom Of Maple and Tea Scents Entwined
Etymology
Kaedehara (楓原) means "maple grove" (lit. "maple field") and Kazuha (万葉) means "a myriad of leaves."
The character 万 literally means "ten thousand," but it is often used to more broadly mean "a number which is vast and difficult to fathom."
Kaedehara can also more broadly mean "original maple". The word 原 hara, meaning "original" is the same as in 原神 Genshin.
Kazuha could be named after the Man'youshuu (万葉集) — the oldest collection of Japanese poetry. All of Kazuha's Elemental Burst voice-overs are snippets of poems from the Man'youshuu.
In Chinese, the first word of Kaedehara Kazuha's name 枫/楓 meaning "maple" is a homonym of the word 风/風 fēng, which means "wind". Furthermore, 枫 contains the word 风 in it. The same wordplay is found in Japanese, although only in written form.
His constellation, Acer Palmatum, is the scientific name of the Japanese maple, which his character design revolves around.
In his Vision Story, Kazuha contemplates a mantra: "If one's heart is empty, all under heaven is empty. But if one's heart is pure, all under heaven is pure." This mantra is likely a reference to mantras from the Heart Sutra, a popular sacred text in many schools of Mahayana Buddhism, including Japanese Zen schools, which were the standard religion for samurai. In this context, realizing one's heart is empty is equivalent to achieving nirvana (perfect happiness and quietude), the ultimate goal of Buddhism.
Chinese and Japanese equivalents for the in-game mantra roughly translate to "If one's heart is empty, all things in heaven and earth are empty; if one's heart is pure, all things in heaven and earth are pure." A subtle but important difference from the English translation is not only all things under heaven but also those in/of heaven are essentially empty. It is a typical Buddhist tenet against Eternity, which is the theme of Inazuman chapters.
Haiku
In his Character Demo, Kazuha recites the following haiku. In the English, Chinese, and Japanese versions, the poem follows the 5-7-5 syllabic structure.[6]



Language

Poem


English

Solitary cloud,Shadow in the setting sun,Stirs the drifter's heart.


Japanese

雲高き日暮れの空に心燃ゆ Kumo takakiHigure no sora niKokoro moyu


Chinese

天高散孤云，落日澄空故乡影。飘摇游子心。 Tiān'gāo sàn gūyún,Luòrì chéng kōng gùxiāng yǐng.Piāoyáo yóuzǐ xīn.


Korean

높은 하늘에 홀로 뜬 구름해가 지자 하늘에 故鄉(고향)의 그림자가 비추네나그네 마음이 흔들리는구나 Nopeun haneure hollo tteun gureumHaega jija haneure gohyang'ui geurimjaga bichuneNageune ma'eumi heundeullineun'guna

In the Chinese version, the "Solitary Cloud" or "Guyun" (Chinese: 孤云) could refer to the Guyun Stone Forest, where Kazuha appears to be in during the start of the trailer. The Guyun Stone Forest is also where Beidou's fleet The Crux can be found.
Other Poetry
Kazuha's Elemental Burst voice-overs are excerpts of poems in the Man'youshuu, a legendary poetic collection compiled in 759 AD by Ootomo no Yakamochi:
"Fallen leaves... adorn my night!" is from Book 8, Poem 1586  (Old Japanese: 黄葉乎落巻惜見手折來而今夜挿頭津何物可将念 MomyiNdiNba wo tiramaku wosimyi tawori kyite kəyəpyi kaNzasitu nani ka əməpamu).
"Clouds hide... the birds call!" is from Book 9, Poem 1703  (Old Japanese: 雲隠鴈鳴時秋山黄葉片待時者雖過 Kumwo-Ngakuri kari naku təkyi akyiyama nə momyiti katamatu təkyi pa suguryeNdə).
"As one with wind and cloud!" is from Book 12, Poem 3178  (Old Japanese: 國遠見念勿和備曾風之共雲之行如言者將通 Kuni təpomyi əməpi na-waNbwi-sə kaNze nə muta kumo nə yuku Ngətə kətə pa kayəpamu).
In the Japanese voice-over for Something to Share: Maple Leaves, he recites a tanka-type poem (with the rule of 5-7-5-7-7 syllables):  (Old Japanese: 奧山に、紅葉踏み分け、鳴く鹿の、聲聞くときぞ、秋は悲しき əkuyama ni, momyiNdi pumyiwake, naku sika nə, kəwe kyiku təkyi Nzə, akyi pa kanasikyi).
The work was composed by Sarumaru Dayuu, one of the Thirty Six Poetic Sages of Japan. It was incorporated in the Ogura Hyakunin Isshu, a classical anthology of one hundred famous Japanese poems.
An English translation (with 5-7-5-7-7 syllables) by Clay MacCauley is:In the mountain depths,Treading through the crimson leaves,The wandering stag calls.When I hear the lonely cry,Sad (how sad!) the autumn is.[7]
The above quotations are one of rare instances where a character in the game quotes texts from real-life books. Similarly, Zhongli and Ganyu quote real-life Chinese texts in their Chinese voice-overs.
Other Languages
Character Title: Scarlet Leaves Pursue Wild Waves

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishScarlet Leaves Pursue Wild Waves—Chinese(Simplified)红叶逐荒波Hóngyè Zhú HuāngbōChinese(Traditional)紅葉逐荒波Hóngyè Zhú HuāngbōJapanese風波流浪の紅葉Fuuha Rurou no Momiji‍[!][!]Assumed readingMaple of Nomadism Through Wind and WavesKorean파도파도波濤를 쫓는 단풍단풍丹楓Pado-reul Jjonneun DanpungMaple that Pursue WavesSpanishEl Mensajero del VientoThe Messenger of the WindFrenchTourbillon de feuilles écarlatesWhirlwind of Scarlet LeavesRussianБагряные листья и неистовые волныBagryanyye list'ya i neistovyye volnyBlood-Red Leaves and Violent WavesThaiใบไม้แดงแห่งกระแสคลื่นBaimai Daeng Haeng Kra-sae KhluenRed Leaf amidst the WavesVietnameseLá Đỏ Đuổi SóngRed Leaves Pursue WavesGermanTiefrote Blätter jagen wilde WellenDeep Red Leaves Hunt Wild WavesIndonesianScarlet Leaves Pursue Wild Waves—PortugueseFolhas Escarlates Procuram Ondas SelvagensScarlet Leaves Seek Wild WavesTurkishHırçın Dalgaları Kovalayan Kızıl YapraklarScarlet Leaves that Chases Wild WavesItalianVortice delle foglie scarlatteVortex of Scarlet Leaves
References

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Kaedehara Kazuha

↑ Kaedehara Kazuha's Voice-Over: Kazuha's Troubles

↑ 3.0 3.1 Serenitea Pot, Companion Dialogue: Kaedehara Kazuha

↑ Kaedehara Kazuha's Voice-Over: About the Raiden Shogun

↑ Furnishing: Flower's First Blushing Bloom

↑ Bilibili: 《原神》角色演示-「枫原万叶：风流蕴藉」

↑ Wikisource: Hyakunin Isshu


Navigation
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story
2 Combat
3 Navigation


Story

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Hello.ogg "Come driving rain or winds that churn, I shall return, by blade alone, armed, if barefoot, to my home..." I am Kaedehara Kazuha, a wanderer who roams the land. Since we are both travelers, let us journey together for a time.
Chat: NatureChat: NatureMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Chat - Nature.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Chat_-_Nature.ogg This scenery is wonderful... Surely enough to convince anyone to become a wanderer.
Chat: Playing a TuneChat: Playing a TuneMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Chat - Playing a Tune.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Chat_-_Playing_a_Tune.ogg There are leaves around — and I know just the tune to accompany them, if you wish to hear it.
Chat: BladeworkChat: BladeworkMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Chat - Bladework.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Chat_-_Bladework.ogg Wherever in this world I roam, I carry memories of my home... This blade... It is the last link I have to the land of my birth.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_When_It_Rains.ogg Taking a stroll in the middle of a downpour certainly rouses the spirit... but it's best to dry your clothes as soon as possible after the rain stops.
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Compared to the storms I've encountered out at sea, this is really quite tame.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_When_It_Snows.ogg I love it when it snows. The world falls completely silent... and I can sleep undisturbed.
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg Clear weather all around brightens the heart.
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Good_Morning.ogg The birdsong at daybreak is nature's gift to us. Let us go. Our journey begins anew.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Good_Afternoon.ogg ...The midday sun has a way of making one yearn for a moment of sleep. What say we find ourselves a place to rest?
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Good_Evening.ogg I gaze up at the moon and lend my ear to the gentle breeze, with wine in my cup and peace in my heart... Have a wonderful evening.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Good_Night.ogg The wind has ceased... The world is silent, so now is the best time to rest well. See you tomorrow.
About Kaedehara Kazuha: SailingAbout Kaedehara Kazuha: SailingMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Kaedehara Kazuha - Sailing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Kaedehara_Kazuha_-_Sailing.ogg In truth, not every night out at sea is filled with wind and waves. When the weather is clear, the moonlight flows over the rippling water, and schools of fish circle the ship's hull. At moments like that, when I look out into the distance from the prow, I feel like this journey is worth it... The only thing that takes away from that feeling is the sailors' singing. They're so loud... don't they need to sleep?
About Kaedehara Kazuha: Samurai NobilityAbout Kaedehara Kazuha: Samurai NobilityMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Kaedehara Kazuha - Samurai Nobility.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Kaedehara_Kazuha_-_Samurai_Nobility.ogg The Kaedehara Clan was once a famed samurai clan. It's a pity that by the time the noble name passed to me, the title itself was all that was left. But it is enough for me. A samurai has no need of a lavish life — we find all that we need in wine, song, and the blade in our hands.
About Us: Going Out to SeaAbout Us: Going Out to SeaMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Us - Going Out to Sea.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Us_-_Going_Out_to_Sea.ogg What say you join me out at sea someday when the weather's fine?
About Us: Frank Speech Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Frank Speech Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Us - Frank Speech.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Us_-_Frank_Speech.ogg I like frank people, because we can freely speak our minds to one another. There is no need to hide anything that you wish to say. I hear the voices of all things in nature, and that includes yours.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_the_Vision.ogg As I see it, a Vision is the proof of one's strength, not the source of it. It symbolizes the mortal desire to always keep moving forward, but in this endeavor, we samurai place our faith in our blades alone.
Something to Share: Bamboo Blades Friendship Lv. 4Something to Share: Bamboo Blades Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Something to Share - Bamboo Blades.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Something_to_Share_-_Bamboo_Blades.ogg Ah, you'd like to learn the art of the sword? Let me see... Alright — here, take this. It's a bamboo blade I just made. With these, we can practice sparring without having to worry about getting injured.
Something to Share: Maple Leaves Friendship Lv. 4Something to Share: Maple Leaves Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Something to Share - Maple Leaves.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Something_to_Share_-_Maple_Leaves.ogg "On this mountain path, where the red leaves lifeless lie... My heart calls for a companion, echoing the deer's cry..." Hm... I do love maple leaves, but it is a shame that so many goodbyes seem to happen when they turn red.
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Interesting_Things.ogg Farewell, dear gulls, please calm your cries. From this day forth, I am a wanderer once more.
About Beidou Friendship Lv. 4About Beidou Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Beidou.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Beidou.ogg I owe Beidou my life. She took me in when I fled from Inazuma and gave me the courage to return there at the most difficult time of my life. She is a comrade in whom I and all the other sailors can place our trust.
About Gorou Friendship Lv. 4About Gorou Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Gorou.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Gorou.ogg When I was a wanted man, the resistance gave me a lot of help. The time I spent with Gorou was brief, but he left a deep impression on me. He's the type of person who says whatever's on his mind. He shares the highs and lows of his subordinates, and is never afraid to draw his sword for the sake of a friend. That's the kind of person I can really get along with.
About Kujou Sara Friendship Lv. 4About Kujou Sara Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Kujou Sara.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Kujou_Sara.ogg She defeated my friend in a duel before the throne, which I accept as proof of her great strength. But she uses that strength to serve as an oppressor's lackey, leading the Kujou Clan's troops to relentlessly seek out and confiscate Visions. This... I cannot forgive.
About Kujou Sara: Changing Perspective Friendship Lv. 4 Omnipresence Over MortalsAbout Kujou Sara: Changing Perspective Friendship Lv. 4 Omnipresence Over MortalsMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Kujou Sara - Changing Perspective.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Kujou_Sara_-_Changing_Perspective.ogg I see... So she does have her own ideals that she is fighting for. But I have to wonder: can the Kujou family flourish as they did before once this storm has passed?
About the Raiden Shogun Friendship Lv. 4 Autumn Winds, Scarlet LeavesAbout the Raiden Shogun Friendship Lv. 4 Autumn Winds, Scarlet LeavesMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About the Raiden Shogun.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_the_Raiden_Shogun.ogg I've asked myself this question many times since leaving Inazuma. Do I simply resent the Raiden Shogun because of what happened in that duel? Because of the lethal stroke she dealt my dear friend? I've thought about this a good long time, and I believe the answer is no. My friend died an honorable death in that duel, and the Shogun was not unjustified in her conduct. My dissatisfaction with her has its roots in the Vision Hunt Decree. No one has the right to rob another of their hopes and dreams — not even a god.
About Kamisato Ayaka Friendship Lv. 4About Kamisato Ayaka Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Kamisato Ayaka.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Kamisato_Ayaka.ogg I'm sure everyone living in Inazuma has heard of the "Shirasagi Himegimi." The lady of the Kamisato Clan is as perfect as a person can be, though our paths have seldom crossed. I wonder what she thinks of the state of Inazuma today?
About Yoimiya Friendship Lv. 4About Yoimiya Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Yoimiya.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Yoimiya.ogg The last time she commissioned Captain Beidou to ship fireworks to Liyue, I unloaded the shipment myself. They were so heavy! I doubt that anyone besides her could make such huge fireworks.
About Sangonomiya Kokomi Friendship Lv. 4About Sangonomiya Kokomi Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Sangonomiya Kokomi.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Sangonomiya_Kokomi.ogg During my time with the Resistance, there was no one among our ranks who wouldn't look up to Her Excellency. As someone with a great passion for military matters, victory at all costs isn't really part of her ethos. She'd always try to limit the casualties to the minimum while planning her next move. By some accounts, it also seems that she seeks to take charge of both internal and foreign affairs for Watatsumi Island. Wouldn't that be too much to expect of herself though?
About Shikanoin Heizou Friendship Lv. 4About Shikanoin Heizou Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About Shikanoin Heizou.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_About_Shikanoin_Heizou.ogg Don't be deceived by his happy-go-lucky disposition. As soon as he gets working on a case, that restless energy he carries around turns into a razor-sharp focus. It's quite remarkable to witness.
About Kaedehara Kazuha: IAbout Kaedehara Kazuha: IMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha More About Kaedehara Kazuha - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_More_About_Kaedehara_Kazuha_-_01.ogg You'd like to know more about me, you say? Well, as you see, I am but a wandering samurai that you could have run into just about anywhere.
About Kaedehara Kazuha: II Friendship Lv. 3About Kaedehara Kazuha: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha More About Kaedehara Kazuha - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_More_About_Kaedehara_Kazuha_-_02.ogg I have a very keen sense of hearing. My ears pick up all sorts of sounds: the wind through the mountain passes, the parting clouds, the sound of foxes chewing on apples in the forest, the sound of crabs blowing bubbles... This is nature's favor, it allows me to sense danger long before it draws near.
About Kaedehara Kazuha: III Friendship Lv. 4About Kaedehara Kazuha: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha More About Kaedehara Kazuha - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_More_About_Kaedehara_Kazuha_-_03.ogg I used to love the rain when I was small. The sound of it would lull me into a peaceful sleep. But since I've grown older, my feelings have become more... complicated. I still like to listen to the rain today, but whenever I see the storm clouds start to gather, my heart sinks and I can't help but wonder: "Hm... will some nice person let me stay the night today?" Listening to the rain in drenched clothes is hardly peaceful — hehe... nothing can be when you're constantly interrupting yourself by sneezing.
About Kaedehara Kazuha: IV Friendship Lv. 5About Kaedehara Kazuha: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha More About Kaedehara Kazuha - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_More_About_Kaedehara_Kazuha_-_04.ogg I never stay in a single place for very long. Stagnancy dulls both my connection with nature and the blade I wield. While I am still able to, I want to travel far and wide and meet all sorts of different people.
About Kaedehara Kazuha: V Friendship Lv. 6About Kaedehara Kazuha: V Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha More About Kaedehara Kazuha - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_More_About_Kaedehara_Kazuha_-_05.ogg Don't worry — even if the day comes for us to go our separate ways, I am certain that we will meet again, in some corner of the world. The fate that brings people together is not a cord so easily cut.
Kaedehara Kazuha's HobbiesKaedehara Kazuha's HobbiesMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Hobbies.ogg I like falling asleep on a warm rock that's been soaking in the mid-afternoon sun, then waking up and continuing on my journey with no particular aim in mind. So long as I have my blade by my side, there is nowhere I cannot go.
Kaedehara Kazuha's TroublesKaedehara Kazuha's TroublesMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Troubles.ogg The sounds of nature turn into a clamor of noise during stormy weather. It becomes a constant buzz in my ears. If it happens at night, I end up tossing and turning all night long without getting a wink of sleep. It's quite the headache...
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Favorite_Food.ogg The most easily obtainable food source when you're out at sea is, of course, fish. So it goes without saying that a seafaring adventurer must give careful consideration to how to cook a tasty fish-based meal... If the chance arises, I'd like you to try some of my cooking.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg I am not particularly fond of food that is thrown together in a hurry without much care and attention. The way I see it, if your meal consists of a single fish, you should grill it to perfection. Eating is supposed to be an enjoyable experience, so how can we stand to be so slapdash about it?
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg That you can make fish taste as delicious as this is proof of your outstanding culinary prowess.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg Your cooking not only fills the stomach, it also soothes my soul.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Perhaps you should get some rest? A weary mind is a recipe for flavorless food.
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Birthday.ogg I heard it was your birthday, so I wrote a haiku for you. Unfortunately, I'm not the most talented in this area, and after trying for several evenings, I was still only able to come up with the first two lines... I guess I'll just share what I've got so far, then. "Sun and moon rejoice / Birds of dawn sing songs anew"... Wait, don't say a word, I think the final line is coming to me... Yes, how about.... "Far from home, with you." Anyway, Happy Birthday. Let's go and get you some cake, shall we?
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg My blade grows keener.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg The sound of snow as it lands on the ground is so faint as to be practically nonexistent... But now, my senses are sharper than ever, and I believe I should be able to discern it.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg The waves rise high out in the open seas. I, too, must reach new heights of strength.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg As one travels the world, sorrows and frustrations are bound to journey with you. But I find that I've grown since meeting you, both in martial arts and in strength of character. I am confident that I will be more at ease in life from this point forth.
Combat
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Tch!Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Huh!Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Wind strider!Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Elemental Skill 1 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Elemental_Skill_1_04.ogg (Hold) Into the wind.Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Elemental Skill 1 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Elemental_Skill_1_05.ogg (Hold) The wind knows me.Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Elemental Skill 1 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Elemental_Skill_1_06.ogg (Hold) One with nature!Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Clouds hide... the bird's call!Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg As one with wind and cloud.Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Fallen leaves... adorn my night.Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Time to go.Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndKaedehara Kazuha does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg I follow the wind.Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg Brings a smile to my face.Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg A fateful offering.Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Who says there aren't benefits to a life of wandering?Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Low_HP_01.ogg Huh, not bad...Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Low_HP_02.ogg I must remain calm.Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Low_HP_03.ogg Stay focused!Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg My turn to aid you!Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg I've got your back.FallenFallenMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Fallen_01.ogg So many regrets...Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Fallen_02.ogg Never... again...Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Fallen_03.ogg This is... the end...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg It's...fine.Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg That hurt!Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Joining_Party_01.ogg Want me to come along?Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Joining_Party_02.ogg Alright, let's head off.Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Joining_Party_03.ogg Sounds good to me.Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Kaedehara Kazuha does not feature any Character Idles Voice-Overs.Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Climbing_03.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Climbing 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Climbing_04.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Climbing 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Climbing_05.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Kaedehara Kazuha Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaedehara_Kazuha_Jumping_05.ogg 
Navigation
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Kaedehara Kazuha










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Kaedehara Kazuha can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining him and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 Jade Wilds
4.2 Of Maple and Tea Scents Entwined


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Kaedehara Kazuha has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsJade Wilds 20 1 20,000Of Maple and Tea Scents Entwined 20 2 20,000
Idle Quotes

 Exquisite scenery...
 My homeland...
 The voice of the wind...
 The sounds of nature...
 Let's play a tune...
(When the player is nearby)
 Hello there.
 I guessed you would come.

Dialogue

Media:vo kazuha mimitomo hello 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Hello there, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo hello 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: There was a familiar scent upon the wind. I guessed that you would come.
 How do you like it here?
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Hmm... I'm very happy to have someplace to settle down for a time.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: When I'm by myself, I often look outside just to appreciate the scenery.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: With no one around, one's heart will naturally calm.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Tomorrow is uncertain, but at least I'll always have the stability of the present.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: A pity that I can't reside here for long, for my blade will dull.
 You can come here for a rest whenever you want.
 You are always welcome here.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I am most thankful.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Each year yields scorching summers and frigid winters. The hottest and coldest days are difficult for me to weather.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: But the weather here is always comfortable...
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: It is truly a blessing to leisurely pass one's time here.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4) 
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Alright...but what to talk about...? Let me think.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: The rainy season recently set itself upon us. Any topics pertaining to rain?
 I always seem to run into heavy rain outside...
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 03a.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Hm, if the rain is heavy, I'll usually seek shelter.
 Any recommendations for shelter?
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 03b.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Hmm...
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Caves are my primary choice, but if there's a wild animal inside, you must first contest it.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: My second choice is an abandoned temple, but there are usually drafts and the omnipresent scent of mold.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: If there are no other options, I'll shelter under a tree.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: But I don't dare do this in a thunderstorm - too dangerous.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: As a last resort, I'll try my luck on houses with their lights on...Of course, I'll give up if I'm unlucky.
 Why is staying at someone's home your last choice?
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: If someone with a blade knocks on the door during a rainy night, most people will be on their guard.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Understanding this, there's no need to bother them. Besides, the world is vast and there is always somewhere to go.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: No need for worry. The outdoors won't always be rainy, and one's life won't always be overcast.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Turn your gaze skyward on a clear night, and you'll see thousands of stars.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Is there anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Hmm... please take this.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I heard that the maple leaves back home have already turned red. I want to go back and take a look, but it's a long journey. I can't return for now...
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I was wandering the market the other day and saw these well-preserved maple leaves, so I bought some.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Although I can't confirm whether they're from my hometown, they still help blunt my homesickness.
 You're very fond of maple leaves, then?
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05a 1.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Yes.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05a 2.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: In the past, I collected maple leaves upon the autumnal winds and carried them on my person.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05a 3.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: When I was on the boat, I scattered them across the surface of the ocean and watched them float to distant shores.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05a 4.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Perhaps another homesick soul will have picked up one of those leaves...
 I also want to see your hometown.
 It looks quite beautiful.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05b 1.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Indeed... From a purely visual perspective, red maple leaves have a unique beauty to them.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05b 2.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Every year in my hometown, people enjoy the scene of falling red leaves.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05b 3.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: The maple leaves are a crimson sunset and fall like scarlet rain.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 05b 4.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: A thick layer of fallen leaves on the ground, the chirping of autumn insects, and the wandering birds...
 I also want to see your hometown.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Ah... How improper of me.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: I should have taken the initiative to invite you... But I was absorbed by my own homesickness.
 Don't worry about it.
 I sympathize with you.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: ...Thank you.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Then take this maple leaf as a keepsake. Our promise is thus made.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: When the maple leaves next bloom red, we shall go to my hometown together.
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Good morning, Kazuha.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo morning 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Good morning... It feels like you're somehow different today.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo morning 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: You can talk to me about anything. Although I cannot guarantee anything else, I'm a very good listener.
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Kazuha.
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo night 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Good night, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo kazuha mimitomo night 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Tonight's wind is gentle, so there should be a plentitude of wonderful dreams.

Special Dialogue
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

Jade Wilds

Media:vo mimitomo dq kazuha inazumawild 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: This peaceful scene puts the mind at ease.
Media:vo mimitomo dq kazuha inazumawild 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Even the most ordinary stretch of countryside, the humblest of hills, harbors poignant profundities from the distant past.
Media:vo mimitomo dq kazuha inazumawild 03.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Offer them your full, undivided attention, and each flower, each tree, each blade of grass will whisper their stories to you.

Of Maple and Tea Scents Entwined

Media:vo mimitomo dq kazuha tearoom 01.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: A tranquil teahouse, with finely crafted ornamentation and the scent of tea lingering in the air...
Media:vo mimitomo dq kazuha tearoom 02.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: Mm... The atmosphere here is truly delightful.
Media:vo mimitomo dq kazuha tearoom 03.ogg Kaedehara Kazuha: When you can spare the time, why not join me to discuss our favorite poetry over tea?

Change History
Released in Version 1.6[Edit History]Version 2.2
The following Furnishing Sets were assigned as favorite for this character:
Jade Wilds
Of Maple and Tea Scents Entwined

Version 1.6

Kaedehara Kazuha was released as Companion.
Navigation
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






