The architect behind the Palace of Alcazarzaray, Kaveh was a student of the Kshahrewar Darshan of the Sumeru Akademiya and graduated with honors, earning the moniker "Light of Kshahrewar." Having become insolvent after the construction of the Palace of Alcazarzaray, he was forced to reside with Alhaitham, whom he has a complicated relationship with. In spite of the illustrious façade he maintains to outsiders, Kaveh is often saddled with guilt for his father's death, ashamed of his poverty, and struggling with realizing his ideals.





Gold Pinions in Flames Bathed





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Kaveh


De­scrip­tion
Kaveh's outfit. A notable tailor from Treasures Street created these clothes in imitation of the lovely sight of birds extending their wings in flight and would only sell them to those who knew how to appreciate their beauty.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


Gold Pinions in Flames Bathed is Kaveh's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance
2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
Kaveh dons a white shirt with a high collar and triangular chest window. Along his collar he wears a golden, angular ornament along with his cape. His cape is a mix of black, gold, and blue, but majorly red. It is split into two halves with intricate patterns. Along his waist, he wears a coastal blue sash, white tassels with golden ornaments, and his Dendro Vision on his left. His pants are colored black with some patterning and his footwear is a pair of white socks with a sandal-like structure.
Kaveh's hair hangs down the back of his head, complimented with some red hair clips holding his hair, and a slight braid. On Kaveh's left, he wears a blue feather tucked under one of his hair strands and above his ear. He also sports a pair of golden, angular ear ornaments with small red and blue squares inside of them.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Kaveh 1.mp4      Media:Idle Kaveh 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Kaveh.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Kaveh.mp4      Media:Party Setup Kaveh.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishGold Pinions in Flames Bathed—Chinese(Simplified)浴火的金羽Yùhuǒ de JīnyǔChinese(Traditional)浴火的金羽Yùhuǒ de JīnyǔJapanese火を浴びた金羽Hi wo Abita Kin'u‍[!][!]Assumed readingGolden Feathers Bathed in FlameKorean타오르는 금빛 깃털Taoreuneun Geumbit Git'teolFlaming Golden FeatherSpanishPlumaje flamanteFlaming PlumageFrenchPennes dorées baignées de flammesFlame Bathed Golden PinionsRussianУмытые огнём крыльяUmytyye ognyom kryl'yaWings Bathed by FlamesThaiปีกทองคำในเปลวเพลิงVietnameseLông Vàng Trong Ánh LửaGolden Feathers in Flame LightGermanFeurige GoldfederFiery GoldfeatherIndonesianGold Pinions in Flames Bathed—PortuguesePenas Douradas Banhadas em ChamasTurkishAlevle Kaplı Altın TüylerFlame-Covered Gold FeathersItalianAli dorate in un bagno di fiammeGolden Wing in Flames Bath
Change History[]
Released in Version 3.6[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
A renowned architect from Sumeru who perhaps cares a bit too much about too many things. He is an aesthete troubled by reality.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction
4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Old Sketchbook
4.8 Vision


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 Archon Quests
7.2 Story Quests

7.2.1 Hangout Events


7.3 Events
7.4 Web Events


8 Character Trials

8.1 Quests
8.2 Events
8.3 Test Run Events


9 Character Mentions

9.1 Character Stories
9.2 Character Voice-Overs


10 Mail
11 Trivia

11.1 Etymology


12 Notes
13 Other Languages

13.1 Character Title: Empyrean Reflection


14 References
15 Navigation


Personality[]
A renowned architect from Sumeru who perhaps cares a bit too much about too many things. He is an aesthete troubled by reality.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Kaveh is a well-known Sumeru architect who is graduated from Kshahrewar with honors. He is a staunch defender of the arts and greatly appreciates aesthetics and artistic maturity in most things including architecture, interior designs, mechanics, and even storytelling.[2][3] In contrast to Alhaitham's rationality, Kaveh operates by what he feels to be right, first and foremost.
Kaveh has quite the reputation among Akademiya students and Sumeru citizens and is described as a genius and talented architect. For example, Sasani, an NPC located in The Palace of Alcazarzaray, admires his masterpiece[4] and feels unfortunate for not having an honor to speak with him in person. Araby, an NPC found in front of the Pharos Lighthouse, and Nilou also praise his magnum opus.[5][6] Kaveh is characterized by Faruzan as a good kid with great potential and original ideas in his mind[2] and Dori as being unique among Akademiya scholars in regards to being more open-minded. Alhaitham describes him as a light of the Kshahrewar and a master builder and craftsman. According to Alhaitham's Character Story, Alhaitham acknowledges Kaveh's exceptional brilliance and portrays him as a genius and an excellent mirror of himself. He also concludes that he possesses a personality and values that are not congruous with his abilities.[7]
Kaveh seems to be thoughtful of others and shows great empathy towards people around him. He approaches people without hesitation if he suspects they're in trouble and even lends his hand by providing his Mora.[8] It is mentioned by Alhaitham that he is too considerate of others and is emotionally fragile.[Note 1] Alhaitham even recounts a story where Kaveh purchased a dozens of handmade keychains that were being sold under the pretense that the proceeds would help feed hungry children. Kaveh states helping others make him happy and thinks mutual assistance, fairness, and righteous anger are also what drive the world.[8] He also seems to be very passionate about his career and works his fingers to the bone to please his clients.[9]
Due to stark contrast in ideologies and personalities, Kaveh gets easily flustered when particularly dealing with Alhaitham. Kaveh and Alhaitham's clash in intense disagreements are shown in the game scenes, character's voice-lines, and even in the messages on bulletin boards across Sumeru City and Port Ormos. He is also notably over-reliant on alcohol, using it as a social crutch and as one of the few ways he allows himself to "drown his sorrows".

Appearance[]
See also: Gold Pinions in Flames Bathed
Kaveh uses the tall male model. He has distinct, medium-length blond hair with dirty blond ends and sharp eyes with red irises.

Official Introduction[]
Knowledge of comprehension, benevolence, and aesthetics
Mainstream Sumeru academia tends to hide a certain fact from time to time, which is that for some people, talent can occasionally be more of a burden instead. Nevertheless, this view can also be but an excuse. In truth, it is your character that determines your destiny first and foremost. The aforementioned ideas are the sort that Kaveh will persistently rebut.—Alhaitham
A renowned architect from Sumeru, known as the Light of Kshahrewar. He is one of the most high-profile figures in the industry.
As a designer and an outstanding alumnus, Kaveh has quite the reputation among Akademiya students and is idolized as a role model by the students of Kshahrewar. Unfortunately, his career is not as plain-sailing as people imagine. The same can be said for many other facets of his life.
Titles, rumors, fame, and reputation... These are all mere by-products of his work. Equipped with astounding professional design skills, Kaveh puts his heart and soul into his work and is imbued with ideals and pursuits for aesthetics and architectonics. Designers are not in charge of the construction's final execution, yet they hold responsibility for all its aspects. Thus, be it design details, safety and security, or practicality, no effort may be spared in ensuring the quality of each aspect. On top of that, being one of the best in his field, Kaveh pays additional attention to the aesthetic and human elements that he is concerned about throughout the process. For him, designs that are completely divorced from reality should be classified as fantasy, whereas a building that is actually put into construction must have practical value.
That said, it is rather inconceivable that such an extraordinary architect could have been rendered bankrupt by a single project. Fortunately, very few know about this matter, and most of them keep it a secret. As for Kaveh himself, he is deathly afraid that the secret of his bankruptcy might ever leak out. It is thus fair to say that he is not really living his ideal life.

Character Stories[]
Character Details
In a land brimming with as much talent as Sumeru, one is practically spoiled for choice when it comes to designers. But when one speaks of architects, few are those who will not subconsciously think of "Kaveh."
The Kshahrewar graduate was once named the greatest architect in several decades and is known as the Light of Kshahrewar. Kaveh himself, however, is unfortunately unmoved by this title.Such lovely names and titles are, to him, acknowledgment and shackles both. For example, Kaveh's insolvency remains a matter of shame for him to this day. A person with little to no standing could just admit to such a thing, but a famous architect cannot. In fact, such undue candor might result in a crisis of reputation for him. So, Kaveh cannot but avoid this topic to save face, and be forced to masquerade as a man living in leisure.Thanks to his abilities as a designer and his astounding aesthetic attainments, people believe in his talent, and thus, in his facade also.After all, what could possibly trouble Kaveh, architect extraordinaire?Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
Up till today, one can hear Kshahrewar students discuss and speculate about their alumnus Kaveh at the Palace of Alcazarzaray and various parts of the Akademiya. In the hearts of his Darshan-mates, Kaveh is a genius nigh-unparalleled in the last few decades and an architect of great fame. Kaveh has, by his outstanding works, engraved his name into the history of the Akademiya. If you are to meet Kshahrewar students, it wouldn't hurt to listen to them extol his achievements: Single-handedly designing the Palace of Alcazarzaray, renovating the landmark lighthouse of Port Ormos, modifying the port's elevators and cargo-handling structures, his pioneering role in the spatial optimization of the peripheral areas surrounding forests and valleys... The list goes on.Clad in these achievements, Kaveh has become more than a simple name, but a synonym for achievement in the field of design. Many wish they could have a resume like his: brilliantly talented in school, invited to work in various major construction agencies after graduation, and leaving after several years to do work under his own name.All outsider readings of his life stop here, and almost none know of the hidden truth behind the stories — the truth that Kaveh himself is trying to hide. It is true, of course, that he is an exceptional designer. It is a shame, then, this has not allowed him to live the perfect life that others think he does.He would summarize his past experiences in this way: Misunderstandings are troublesome but inevitable. All people are vulnerable to momentary lapses in judgment and to the influence of rigid labels. For example, their first reaction to "designer" is the fantasy of someone who earns Mora with a flick of their fingers, who becomes famous with but a few strokes of a pen. And when people think about "the arts," the first thing that emerges is the bizarre, unfounded image of some lackadaisical, self-centered soul who swings between bouts of gloom and mania, and who is all too fond of bossing others about.Kaveh does not fit any such imaginative fantasies. He cannot complete his designs in a single stroke, instead approaching every job earnestly. He dresses like a successful person, but in truth, he does not judge the merit of a project by the remuneration alone. He is principled beyond most other people in Sumeru, believing that "art" is the wellspring of a life in design, and yet does not forsake humanistic purpose or practicality in the process. Indeed, he is willing to make some compromises for these two things. Sometimes, he compromises on rest time, other times it is the ornamentation and trappings of the project... and sometimes it is his own pay.After many years, he finally succeeded. The Palace of Alcazarzaray was completed, and he returned to Sumeru in glory. His colleagues had naught but praise for the fabled palace atop a large tree, stunned as they were by its designer's astounding imagination. They gorged themselves upon the way in which the structure united architectural function and human narrative into its elegant design values, resulting in luxurious craftsmanship that yet exists as a testament to precision and elegance, rewriting the atmosphere of the surrounding mountainous space with its very presence. No one would say that the Palace of Alcazarzaray was any less than an exceedingly successful experiment.Those colleagues, however, were blissfully unaware of how Kaveh went bankrupt over this project due to a mix of personal principle, the vagaries of life, and other problems layered atop one another. After all, the truth — much like the troubled gestation of this success — has remained well-hidden thanks to Kaveh's efforts.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
Kaveh was born into a classic scholarly family in Sumeru. His father was from the Rtawahist Darshan and once worked at the Akademiya, while his mother had graduated from Kshahrewar, and much as he would become later in life, she too was a famous architect. Influenced by them, Kaveh was interested in architectural design from a young age. They would sit in the living room as he sat at home playing with the block puzzles they had bought for him.Theirs was a house in which words were not necessary, and Kaveh would gain his understanding of "home" from this time.However, their blissful days were not to last. Some time before he joined the Akademiya, his father would, at his encouragement, join the Interdarshan Championship. The competition itself was not a complicated affair, but his father, who became a favorite to win, would miss becoming champion by a hair, and then proceeded to go missing for a time afterward.Soon, the bad news came: His father had perished in an accident in the desert. The suddenness of this misfortune threw mother and son into disarray. His mother was hit particularly hard. Being a sensitive soul by nature, her husband's passing would cause her to break down, spending much time in anxious, gloomy thought. As for Kaveh, he would see his father's laugh and promise to bring something nice back for him as he walked out that door every time he closed his eyes to sleep. Young Kaveh thought that had he not said anything, his father might not have taken part in the contest, and he would not have gone missing afterward, and finally perished as a result. But no matter how he begged, the past could not be changed.His father's death, his mother's agony... all these things that could no longer be taken back were on the account of a single thing he had said. From that day forward, he would live under the shadow of that guilt.
His mother would say that her husband was a man with a good heart, and that life at such a person's side made her happy. Indeed, after his passing, she would never again smile. "Home" went from a sanctuary of warmth and light to a cold and lonely hall. Kaveh would often find his mother sitting on the sofa staring at her trembling hands in silence. She could neither draw anything at all, nor even conceive of a design in her mind. Each time this happened, Kaveh would feel like a giant hand was crushing him to the ground, and he would question himself: Were it not for me, would the family have ended up like this?At that time, he was still young, and he could do very little. Out of guilt, he would do his best to keep his mother company, and he would never wear a disappointed face around her, trying to support her in any way he could, even if such was but a drop in the bucket.It was amidst this chaos that Kaveh would reach schooling age and, having passed the entrance exams, enroll into Kshahrewar. During this time, he would inevitably spend less time with his mother. She would thus travel to Fontaine to ease her soul a little. There, she would receive a job offer, and upon returning to Sumeru, she informed Kaveh of the good news. Kaveh knew that this would leave him to live alone, but still, he agreed, and even saw his mother off on the day she departed.He would continue to look on even after her ship had long left the harbor. He would deeply miss her, but he knew that it was best that she left the place that had come to represent so much pain for her. For her sake, Kaveh would never admit that he was lonely. He assured her that he was all grown up now and could live independently. And if he should be kept awake at night by loneliness, pain, or memories of their now-broken family, why, it was his just desserts for egging his father on to take part in the competition. One guilty of harming his parents so deeply deserved all that came to them, and so he must live on bearing that brand.Given that such thoughts have been his constant companions since, one could say that "home" taught Kaveh how to care, and also utterly purged him of the ability to knowingly harm another person. In the many years afterward, he would remain trapped by his personality and ideals, desiring to help any and all who asked it of him, and unable to truly oppose others even if he wished to try and resist on some matters. Despite the good he often does, his guilt remains. More than this, he cannot accept pure goodwill, for when he makes choices, he believes that he should be punished, and finds some comfort in the pain.If Kaveh were a sculpture, he would be one that appeared all but flawless, but which would suffer utter destruction if the weak point in its core were to be found.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
After graduating, Kaveh's first project was helping out with a group project with other students of the same Darshan, though they had different mentors. This being his debut as the person responsible for design, the work weighed heavily on him. But he is (by his own admission) a stubborn person, and he would spend all his energy on his work, and thus would he shoulder the work for others, heedless of the hour, on all manner of projects for two entire years.Once he had gained enough experience, Kaveh left these cooperative projects behind to work in his own name, gaining a clientele who appreciated his style. Some would ask him to design buildings, and this marked the beginning of his career. By dint of his hard work, he was able to save up a good sum of Mora. It did not take long, however, for Kaveh to hit a bottleneck. The demands of the market were very different from academic design. It was more pragmatic, more snobbish, and the clients' requirements were far harder to meet than his mentors' had been. At the same time, academic trends in Sumeru were disrupting his work. He began to realize that his ideals and career goals were, as a certain someone had said, not easily attainable.New iterations of the schools of thought and viewpoints amongst researchers were constantly being created, and there was no lack of those who would engage in self-critique and self-reflexive questioning, with changes and improvements in social factors encouraging such considerations. As such, things that were once recommended might someday become objects of criticism, whether they be actual books or art.But other than those who had given themselves wholly over to art, no one could understand what artists in Sumeru had to endure. As academic accomplishment became ever more prized in Sumeru, researchers would in turn value pure academic accomplishments and practical skills more highly. The Six Sages would grow ever more radical in their ways, and the idea that "the arts provide no real benefits" started to become mainstream. Thus, those who worked in the arts would be marginalized, and those subjects that were often related to the arts sought to distance themselves.The engineering projects that Kaveh came into contact with were highly streamlined, bereft of flair or style. He would suggest various beautiful designs, only to have them rejected on the grounds that they were "meaningless presentation," or that "this project only needs practical buildings." His original pursuit was to make good designs for all that incorporated both artistic beauty and practicality, but now that the arts had become a joke, and people rejected their necessity and value, no one would give him freedom to work on his designs. Kaveh, believing that architecture was indeed art, resolutely opposed such viewpoints. But his job required him to have technical support and investments, and so he could not escape these circles, nor could he simply put his views out there in the open for fear that he might drag too many others down with him.With his dreams and career now at odds, Kaveh gave himself a long vacation. But when he returned home, he received an unexpected letter from Fontaine. It was from his mother, and she wrote that she had found someone to whom she could entrust the rest of her life, and as such was going to remarry in Fontaine. It was this news that she would, with great trepidation and expectation, relate to her only relative.Kaveh wrote back and congratulated her, and would even go to Fontaine to take part in the wedding. It was a simple affair, and only a few guests were present. Seeing his mother smile once more, Kaveh felt glad, but felt lost again almost immediately afterwards.His mother would leave all her property in Sumeru to him. Three days later, he would return to Sumeru, and once again felt the terror of the empty home — the mere act of sitting on the sofa tormented him with heretofore unmatched solitude. Here, he felt the old adage of all wise scholars being fulfilled: "Do the right thing, no matter what it costs you."Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
The more he continued to work in the construction industry, the stronger Kaveh's displeasure with the current state of society grew. It was at this moment that a turning point came. The wealthy merchant, Lord Sangemah Bay, sought him out to construct a private mansion.Lord Sangemah Bay had become fairly famous, but Kaveh had no idea that this "Lord"'s name was in fact Dori until they met, nor did he have any reckoning of her power and riches. She only had two conditions for this mansion, that it be large and extravagant. Kaveh would probe her concerning design style and other details, but she was unconcerned with such. Even amongst his clients, Dori stood out as a bit of an oddity. She did business, but seemed to care little for what researchers thought. She wanted her mansion built in a secluded place — for business needs, or so she claimed — and Kaveh was told not to ask too many questions and simply aim to make a truly awe-inspiring estate. As for aesthetics, Dori neither cared for nor stopped him from doing anything he wished.Kaveh realized almost immediately how rare it was to come by such a commission. A mansion construction project without limitations meant that he could put his all into it. Party A would fork out the resources, while Party B would do the work — was this not how their business should be? And was allowing academic views to restrict development and growth not utterly wrong-headed? So it was with that Kaveh threw himself in planning these designs with a sudden fervor, and, in his role as "Party B," he advised Dori to make some adjustments. A true mogul could not simply live in the mountains. If this estate was to go down in history, it had to be something of truly legendary beauty! A garden was a must, with the flowers carefully selected, of course, with the input of professional botanists. The conceptualization must be bold, the planning conscientious. The buildings themselves would prioritize practicality, but the requested warehouses and facilities would rest upon a luxuriant foundation. And as for location... the cliff-side in the northern mountains looked good. Lord Sangemah Bay would awaken every day with a window onto the loveliest natural views that could be had.Though Dori would constantly insist that the mansion did not have to be close to a cliff, Kaveh's engineering spirit and aesthetic appetites drove him on to convince her otherwise. Thus did the project begin with a flourish, and as the days passed, work proceeded apace under Kaveh's watchful eye.Yet his ideals would not be so easily achieved, for though Kaveh's diligence in selecting a site had been immaculate, and he had made every consideration, he could not have anticipated the speed at which the Withering would expand its reach that year. When the work was 70% complete, on a quiet night, the Withering crept in silently, destroying all that had been built overnight. The sight of his creation's devastated corpse struck Kaveh like a furious thunderbolt. Dori, who had rushed down upon receiving the news, was in incomparable fury, demanding that Kaveh leave the project. Though the Forest Rangers quickly dispersed The Withering, the buildings were beyond saving.Yet he knew that it would be difficult to ever get a chance of this sort again, and so he begged Dori to let him finish the Palace of Alcazarzaray. Dori would point out the crucial problem with stark sharpness: He had been the one to insist on the change of site. Now that the palace had been destroyed, taking the investment put in thus far with it, how could the project continue, even assuming that she did not pursue the matter with him? If they were to rebuild the structure, who would bear the cost for the losses?Kaveh sat atop the ruins as he contemplated this all night long. He had his savings, and the property his parents had left behind. That had once been his "home," but now, it was just an empty building. And what was a "home," anyway? An architect like him knew better than most that a construction bereft of a family or people to dwell in it was no "home." It was simply a building.When the sun rose, Kaveh returned to Sumeru City and sold that house. Adding all the proceeds from that sale, along with his savings, to the funds Dori had provided with him, he was able to come up with 70% of the necessary Mora required, with Dori coming up with the rest.Thus was the Palace of Alcazarzaray built on a beautiful, sunny day. Kaveh had given all he possessed to build a legendary palace that did not belong to him in the slightest. He did not earn a single Mora on this project. On the contrary, some slight overspending on the follow-up work would leave him heavily in debt to Dori. While Kaveh made a token show of resisting, he knew in his heart that he could not deny the fact that he did indeed owe this debt. His heart was once again consumed by that old guilt, and Lord Sangemah Bay, shrewd merchant that she was, could immediately perceive that he was paying not for her sake, but for that of his ideals.And if someone wanted to martyr their entire fortune on the altar of their ideals, who was she to stop them? Construction was ultimately just business, but ideals were priceless. As for how Kaveh would come to be homeless afterward, that is a different story.Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6
After going bankrupt, Kaveh entered into a period of melancholy. The Palace of Alcazarzaray had ever so briefly filled the hole in his heart that had been ripped open by so many things, but it had also proved to him once again that no matter what he gave to attain his ideals, it wasn't enough. He was now directionless, and enmeshed in a world where he could not go anywhere without Mora. And yet he was accustomed since his youth to putting on a brave front, and so Kaveh was unwilling to let his colleagues and friends know that he was nigh penniless even after selling all he owned, and so he went to a tavern, where he would order a few bottles and chat to comfort himself. One bottle later, he would collapse at the table, only to wake up in the exact same position afterward.Lambad, the tavern owner, had reserved a seat and a few free drinks for him out of kindness, and as thanks, Kaveh helped him redesign and refit the booth seating area of the tavern's second floor. He would occasionally meet friends from his Akademiya schooling days, and with them he would pretend that he was just here to drink and gather inspiration. He would spend over a fortnight in this manner, during which he would encounter that friend that he no longer called "friend."When discussing Kaveh's old friends, the current Akademiya Scribe, Alhaitham of Haravatat, will invariably get mentioned. Alhaitham enrolled at a later date than most of those his age, but his grades stood out above the rest. People didn't know who he was or where to find him normally, only that he was some student who had gotten high marks. And when his name was mentioned, even the old researchers from Kshahrewar would shake their heads and say that he was too intelligent by half and hard to get along with.At that time, Kaveh had just parted ways with his mother and was living alone. He would meet this junior student in the library at times, and would speak to him out of curiosity, and thus did he meet the Haravatat genius Alhaitham. But time would go on to prove that wishful thinking alone does not friends make. For Kaveh quickly realized that Alhaitham, though two years his junior and admittedly both extremely talented and incredibly gifted, was also utterly different from him, whether it be in personality, dealing with people, academic direction, and convictions.Kaveh's time in school would leave him with a great many memories, the least pleasant of which is the group project they undertook together. Each recognized the other's ability, and they decided to conduct research regarding ancient structures, ancient runes, and linguistics, with Kaveh suggesting that Alhaitham be the one responsible for selecting the topic. At first, others would take also take part in the cooperative project, but as the work progressed, the other students dropped out gradually as they could not keep up.That was the first time Kaveh realized the brutal and all-too-intuitive difference in talent between individuals. The Akademiya linked talent and resources to an extreme degree, and all here knew that. As Alhaitham liked to put it, certain matters have their upper limit determined by talent and their lower bound determined by hard work. Ordinary people and geniuses would be separated by various practical realities, and they did not have to force themselves to fit into a group they did not belong to. Kaveh, however, was resolute in his belief that this was all the result of obstacles that appeared during the process, and that wisdom should be uncovered by many people. To prevent the other students from backing out, Kaveh spent much time and effort helping them with their work, placing a great burden on his own shoulders. Alhaitham persisted in upholding the opposite view, believing Kaveh to be too idealistic in his ways — academia was not charity work, and temporary salvation would not change the reality of their differences in ability. Thus did discord arise between the two.Finally, the day came when only two people remained working on the topic: Alhaitham and Kaveh. The disputes between them accumulated to a critical mass before exploding spectacularly. Kaveh maintained that Alhaitham was too much of an egoist, that he could be much better welcomed amongst people if he would just care about helping out more often. Alhaitham for his part pointed out that Kaveh's impractical idealism was just a flight from reality, and that it would come to be a burden on his existence someday, and the source of Kaveh's altruism was naught but his inescapable sense of guilt. At that moment, more than anything else, Kaveh felt cut to the quick by someone who was his best friend. Alhaitham had seen through the reality that he had never been able to face, causing him to feel reality's bite for the first time, a feeling that made Kaveh steadfastly declare that he regretted making friends with this all-too-intelligent person.
The two parted ways in a single stroke. Alhaitham would remove his name from that thesis, while Kaveh would rip his copy of the thesis apart in a fury — only to put it back together with deep regret. He sensed that he would not be able to change his friend, with the reverse also being true.Afterwards, the two would later clash in academic journals several times, each criticizing the other's perspective. Before this, the "Decoding the Runes and Architectural Philosophy of the Ruins of King Deshret's Civilization" had made great progress. Its fruits on the linguistics front had filled various gaps in the grammatical logic of some ancient minor languages, allowing for the successful interpretation of many important texts. Similarly, the results achieved in architectural studies had successfully improved the load-bearing structures for some special terrain features in Sumeru, which greatly improved the lives of those living in remote regions. To encourage the project, the Akademiya had even specially designated a research site for its use. Unfortunately, lacking manpower and a united vision on the part of its primary researchers, it eventually ground to a halt.This failed project became an unavoidable part of Kaveh's past. As the years passed, and he was beaten back by reality time and time again, Kaveh was forced to admit that his persistence born of wishful thinking was not always useful. It was only when he was rendered penniless that he finally understood the deeper meaning behind his friend's past words. A person who wished to ascend to the garden of heaven upon steps made of thin air would inevitably plant their feet on an empty stair and fall to their death. As a genius, Kaveh longed to belong in a crowd, subconsciously fearing separation from it — this was the difference between him and Alhaitham.Returning to the matter of that table in the tavern, Kaveh was deeply shocked to see Alhaitham, who was coincidentally present to purchase some alcohol, in this place. Alhaitham for his part could immediately tell that Kaveh was in a very bad way. Having been oppressed by life for too long, Kaveh completely unloaded all his woes onto his erstwhile friend right there and then. After all, there was nowhere to hide from his problems, so what use was concealing them in front of the one friend with whom he had fallen out so acrimoniously? He would lament about a great many misfortunes that had befallen him, only falling silent when they left the tavern in the dead of night, and his eyes fell upon a place in the distance that he once called home. Alhaitham, on the other hand, listened intently to Kaveh's words, and seeing through him once more, asked him a difficult question: "How has realizing your ideals gone for you?"Only reality can force a researcher to admit that they were wrong, but Kaveh did not know what he should consider reality. He yearned for a fantasy so perfect and beautiful that none need flee it, even if the price of this dream was losing himself. He still firmly believed that his ideals were in themselves not mistaken, and that the fault lay only in the methods used to achieve them.People should not give up, for even if they are doing good in an attempt to make up for something, the results will still have meaning for some. Even if he could not enter that promised land of his ideals, that did not mean the radiance and the attraction of such a realm should be denied.As for those phantasm-like realities, like how he found his homeless self living his friend's house by happenstance, or how this house, now under the Scribe's name, had been converted from that same research center the Akademiya had offered them back in the day, or how this excess academic asset would not have been turned into a residence at all after numerous transactions, had Kaveh not resolved to give it up... Or how, knowing full well that Alhaitham never did perform a good deed unconditionally, Kaveh would be plagued by guilty conscience and proactively mention helping with household chores, only to become saddled with all the domestic errands... These might be an annoyance for someone at a low point in life, but they are also proof the most unshakable part of one's past is a friend that will never change. Rationality and sensibility, language and architecture, knowledge and human feelings... Things that can never be integrated are what constitute the two sides of the mirror — indeed, of the entire world.Old Sketchbook Friendship Lv. 4
A thick old sketchbook with a leather cover. It does not merely contain doodles, but also some clippings. Its owner must have been using it as a sort of scrapbook of memorabilia:Page 1: "Architectural Drawing Basics," Author: Faranak. Postscript: "Mother's book. Is it just me, or does the cover seem to be a bit washed out?"Page 15: A simple drawing that shows a person falling into quicksand. It is "hidden" because in [sic] the pages before and after it have been stuck together using glue. Postcript [sic]: "Father... Forgive me. I don't know what I should write in order to... Please, forgive me."Page 26: A topic application form. Postscript: "A fine beginning. Such an intelligent collaborator is hard to come by."Page 31: Some academic notes and architectural drawings. Postscript: "Our views are aligned, and they are complete." This line has been struck out."Our views are contradictory, but it is through contradiction that more speculation and philosophy may be born." This line has been retained.Page 42: The cover of a thesis that has been torn up, then put together again. No postscript.Page 47: An excerpt from a school publication. The original title is unknown, and the preserved content is as follows:"The selfish cannot understand wisdom's final destination. Though all of us might claim to have a place in this great hall of learning, we must understand that it is people, and not knowledge, that make our world what it is. Without a vessel, knowledge shall have no home. Universal values must naturally have some merit to be named such, and denying their general meaning does not mean that minority viewpoints will arise accordingly. This is the case with aesthetics. Beauty is something objective that exists in human hearts. It will not lose its value simply because some people cannot understand it."To view oneself as some mighty vessel is to fall to the narrowness of the researcher. Know that truth has never existed for the sake of individuals. The logic of the world coexists with nature, and this will not easily change whether it is interpreted as such or not. Excessive belief in the object is self-disclosure just the same, a manifestation of a lack of confidence in the subject. Moreover, one who is sufficiently self-confident will not need to constantly use plural forms of address, such as 'we.' I alone am sufficient to sustain this position — this I can assert."Page 56: A hand-drawn sketch of the Akademiya. Postscript: "I shall probably not return to work here, but I do hope that I can return to this place as a speaker on a pulpit one day."The 20 pages that follow are full of work timetables and notes that accompany pictures. The handwriting goes from precise to messy, indicating that time is growing tighter, and the one writing the notes is busy with work.Page 85: A sketch too lovely to be called such. It appears to be some mighty work of construction in miniature. Postscript: "Workable, but requires far too many resources. Details to be considered."Page 91: Messy doodles. All over the place. No postscript.Page 92: A real estate transfer certificate. Postscript: "This might be impulsive of me, but I cannot refuse this possibility that fills me with so much hope. May everything go smoothly."Page 101: Some small doodles. Postscript: "I'm done for! I can't draw. I won't draw tomorrow."Page 107: Interior design images. This appears to be the second floor of Lambad's Tavern. Postscript: "Could I ever do anything better?"Page 112: Rent records. Postscript: "I mean, I wouldn't call this a bad thing... But how did things turn out like this? That guy definitely wouldn't take me in for no reason and without expecting anything... But what could I possibly do for him?"Page 115: Suitcase design draft. Postscript: "Mehrak is an ancient word, one I have used as the name for this suitcase. It means 'little light.' More than anything, I hope it really can understand what I'm saying."Vision Friendship Lv. 6
While he was still a student, Kaveh would often be busy with various projects. During this time, he would visit numerous ruins with fellow students. They were all very young at the time, and were as yet unable to descend to the heart of the tombs, but they managed to achieve significant results nonetheless.However, the study of ancient ruins comes with its risks, and they would find themselves imperiled despite their professionalism. During one such search, the student team encountered some danger, and there was a cave-in. If not for Kaveh pushing two fellow Kshahrewar students out of the tomb, they would surely have died there. As for Kaveh himself, though he also escaped with some light injuries, he could not stop his fellow students' change of heart. He believed that he was helping them achieve results, but instead most of his fellow students saw only a perceived difference in ability, and troubled by the situation, they elected to quit the project.Kaveh knew of the objects known as "Visions." He had originally thought that they would appear at moments of crisis, but he had been through one such mortal crisis already, he had not received the favor of the gods, but instead had to use all his strength to drag everyone out of the fire.Years later, Kaveh graduated, left the Akademiya, and threw himself into his work. He had by then ceased to think about Visions for some time, or even consider further as to what kind of people would come into possession of such an item. People said that only those with a wish could receive divine favor this way — perhaps he was just not such a person.Everything that happened after flowed like a stream of water, dull and unchanging. He would busy himself with design work, for a while becoming overwhelmed, with the lack of acknowledgment of the arts causing him to feel fatigued. His mother would set up a new family in Fontaine, leaving the house and her other possessions to him, her son... He could do nothing about these things, and they also felt unremarkable and unworthy of mention.This persisted till the day the first version of the Palace of Alcazarzaray was destroyed by The Withering, and he was sitting upon the wreck of that building, contemplating the whole night through. Suddenly, he would resolve to boldly bet it all on chasing the dream before him, come what may. Thus did he return home and quickly hit up the relevant departments to put things in order. Coincidentally, that day was a smooth one for transactions, and Kaveh spent only half a day transferring ownership of his house, coming to possess a sum of Mora that he would later redirect into that project.After settling a host of trivial matters, Kaveh would return to the old home he had lived in for many years for the final time. He would use flatbread to place a simplified Palace of Alcazarzaray upon his plate, drizzled with sauce and yogurt, making himself a beautiful snack in the process.This dish was not hard, and he had been taught to make it by his father in his youth. He had not made that dish much since his father's passing, and it was merely impulse that guided him to give it a try that day.
This was not his favorite dish, exactly, but a sudden bitterness stole its way up his throat when he made to smash the flatbread palace and start eating.Within the shattered bread-palace lay a shimmering Vision.Kaveh stared at it, unable to believe his eyes. It had arrived quite a few years late, but here it still lay before him, as gorgeous as some fantastic sky-realm — and thankfully, it was a lot closer to him than his ideals were.
Namecard[]


Kaveh: Domed Court




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with KavehDescription:"When conceptualizing architecture, there is nothing wrong with imagining that the structure we build will surmount the firmament and outlast the stars."

Constellation[]
ParadisaeaMeaning:Bird-of-paradise 
Quests and Events[]
Archon QuestsChapter IIIAct V: Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesA Toast to VictoryStory QuestsLupus Aureus Chapter (Cyno)Act II: OathkeeperThe Mysterious LetterAfter ReposeThe Dead Past is the Living PresentVultur Volans Chapter (Alhaitham)Act I: The Illusions of the MobPride and PrejudiceHangout EventsKavehAct I: The Pendulum of Weal and WoeA Refuge in the SandsA Whole New StylePast MementosThe First IdealThe Price of a WishThe Sixth ProposalTreasure and True InterestWealthy MerchantWondrous TimesEventsA Parade of ProvidenceAct I: Comings and GoingsOpening FestivitiesAct II: Beginnings and EndingsCompetition on the SandsSuspicions ArousedAct III: Gatherings and PartingsTo Claim the CrownThe Arc of IntellectWhen the Curtains CloseWeb EventsDiscover TeyvatStarlit LetterDiscover Traces, Explore Nature
Character Trials[]
QuestsA Whole New Style in Kaveh's Hangout Event: Act I - The Pendulum of Weal and WoeThe First Ideal in Kaveh's Hangout Event: Act I - The Pendulum of Weal and WoeTreasure and True Interest in Kaveh's Hangout Event: Act I - The Pendulum of Weal and WoeEventsFayz Trials: HypothesisTest Run EventsBaizhu, Ganyu, Kaveh, Candace, Fischl — 2023-05-02
Character Mentions[]
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesAlhaithamCharacter Story 4Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversAlhaithamGood Night Media:VO_Alhaitham Good Night.ogg Media:VO ZH_Alhaitham Good Night.ogg Media:VO JA_Alhaitham Good Night.ogg Media:VO KO_Alhaitham Good Night.ogg I hope my roommate won't be hammering away on another one of his projects in the dead of night... Actually, I'd prefer if he wasn't home at all. I really don't want to wear my soundproof earpieces to bed.About Kaveh: Overly Sensitive Media:VO_Alhaitham About Kaveh - Overly Sensitive.ogg Media:VO ZH_Alhaitham About Kaveh - Overly Sensitive.ogg Media:VO JA_Alhaitham About Kaveh - Overly Sensitive.ogg Media:VO KO_Alhaitham About Kaveh - Overly Sensitive.ogg Kaveh tends to be overly sensitive about everyone and everything he crosses paths with, and he's constantly making a fuss about nothing. Maybe it's because he's too emotionally fragile...About Kaveh: Getting Duped Media:VO_Alhaitham About Kaveh - Getting Duped.ogg Media:VO ZH_Alhaitham About Kaveh - Getting Duped.ogg Media:VO JA_Alhaitham About Kaveh - Getting Duped.ogg Media:VO KO_Alhaitham About Kaveh - Getting Duped.ogg Someone set up a stand on the street saying that for each handmade keychain they sold, a child in poverty would be given a meal. Kaveh bought at least a dozen....This is Sumeru, where even healthcare is free. I needn't say more.About Tighnari Media:VO_Alhaitham About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Alhaitham About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Alhaitham About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Alhaitham About Tighnari.ogg Apparently, a lot of people think he has a bad temperament, but I don't think they're giving him a fair chance. When Kaveh built a house right over a Withering Zone and created a huge mess, it ended up being a real headache for the Forest Rangers. Even so, this Forest Ranger didn't hold it against Kaveh. He even invited Kaveh to his house for a meal. Hmm, maybe it's good people like him who allow people like Kaveh to survive.ColleiAbout Kaveh Media:VO_Collei About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei About Kaveh.ogg The General Mahamatra once brought him to our place for a meal. From the moment the fruit arrived on the table, he ranted non-stop about his difficult and stubborn roommate for the entire meal. We didn't get a single word in the whole time. We just nodded along and tried to stifle our laughter. It took a lot of effort.CynoAbout Kaveh Media:VO_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Tighnari and Collei never said it to my face, but they found Kaveh's personal anecdotes far more entertaining than the jokes I had prepared... I could see it on their faces. Hmm? What did I think about that? Well, I thought it was funny that they could laugh at such a situation.DoriAbout Kaveh Media:VO_Dori About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Dori About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Dori About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Dori About Kaveh.ogg Ah yeah, he's one of the Kshahrewar people that I work with. Unlike the more closed-minded people at the Akademiya, he actually has his own dreams that he's fighting for. I, for one, really respect that. I secretly lent him some Mora — and I mean a LOT of Mora — to build my Palace of Alcazarzaray. One thing's for sure — without Dori the benevolent benefactor, Kaveh would not be where he is today, hehe.FaruzanAbout Kaveh Media:VO_Faruzan About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Faruzan About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Faruzan About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Faruzan About Kaveh.ogg Kaveh's a good kid with great potential. I had a casual chat with him once about some principles of mechanism construction. Hmm, how should I put it... He's too much of an artsy romantic, but at least he has some original ideas, which is rare nowadays. I've heard that he's fallen on some hard times, so I'm planning to invite him out for a good meal once my funding gets approved. It'll happen soon, promise.NahidaAbout Kaveh Media:VO_Nahida About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nahida About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Nahida About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Nahida About Kaveh.ogg He has an almost-perfect grasp of what it truly means for Sumeru to be a Nation of Wisdom. Sadly, the truth as he understands it will never be accepted as the mainstream. Hmm? He's roommates with Alhaitham? Wow... the world really is full of surprises...NilouAbout Kaveh Media:VO_Nilou About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nilou About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Nilou About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Nilou About Kaveh.ogg I heard he was the one who built the magnificent Palace of Alcazarzaray. He must have had a wonderful time making such a masterpiece, like when I'm in the middle of dance practice. Just thinking about dancing for everyone gives me so much happiness and motivation.SethosAbout Alhaitham and Kaveh Media:VO_Sethos About Alhaitham and Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sethos About Alhaitham and Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Sethos About Alhaitham and Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Sethos About Alhaitham and Kaveh.ogg I saw those two at the tavern once. And another time at the cafe. ...Actually, I think I saw them once at the Grand Bazaar, too. The architect guy, he's always talking in a hushed tone — I guess he doesn't want people to hear, but uh... Okay, it's not like I purposely listen in, it's just... Something about those two guys hanging out together, you just can't look away.TighnariAbout Alhaitham Media:VO_Tighnari About Alhaitham.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Alhaitham.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Alhaitham.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Alhaitham.ogg Be careful of Alhaitham. I'm not saying he's a bad guy, but he purely operates by rationality, so people often find his actions unacceptable. If you don't believe me, just ask his roommate — thanks to Alhaitham, he has more pent-up frustration than an angry Anemo Slime.About Kaveh Media:VO_Tighnari About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Kaveh.ogg Kaveh is a famous architect in Sumeru. The Palace of Alcazarzaray is his magnum opus. During the initial planning, he even asked me to recommend suitable ornamental flora. I don't know why or how, but he ended up heavily in debt after the palace was completed. Alhaitham is helping out by letting him stay at his place, but... I don't know whether that's a blessing or a curse...
Mail[]
!!! (2023-07-09)??
Trivia[]
Kaveh is responsible for the appearance of several locations in Sumeru, such as having designed The Palace of Alcazarzaray, the renovation of Pharos Lighthouse, the design of the arch bridge of Port Ormos, and the redesign and refitting of the second floor booth seating area of Lambad's Tavern.
Messages between Kaveh and Alhaitham can be read in the Mahamata Bulletin Board, Puspa Café Message Board, and the Port Ormos Bulletin Board.
Using Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Kaveh post-quest of Alhaitham's Story Quest Vultur Volans Chapter: Act I - The Illusions of the Mob reveals that he has no memory of these conversations, as he privately hopes that Alhaitham is unaware he's been writing on message boards while drunk.
The abandoned joint study that Alhaitham and Kaveh worked on together, mentioned in Alhaitham's Character Story 4, is elaborated upon in Kaveh's own Character Story 5. Self-evident to the title, "Decoding the Runes and Architectural Philosophy of the Ruins of King Deshret's Civilization," their research was able to fill in gaps of understanding in ancient languages and revolutionize architecture in areas of Sumeru with unique terrain.
The house they now share was originally a research center provided by the Akademiya for their studies, which was converted into a proper home after it fell into disuse due to a lack of manpower and a united vision for their studies.
Kaveh has retained some level of fluency in at least one of the ancient languages he and Alhaitham learned for their project, a fact revealed when Alhaitham leaves a note that only Kaveh will be able to decipher in the A Parade of Providence Event.[10] Despite his claim that his translation is rough and potentially inaccurate, it proves word-for-word identical to Alhaitham's own translation of the same text later on.[11]
While living with Alhaitham, Kaveh has his own house key which can be seen in Alhaitham's first idle animation. His house key is gold with a gold and green bow, and he has a keychain ring with a lion shaped keychain with a brown gear mane attached. The lion keychain alludes to his Darshan, the Kshahrewar.
While his age is never stated, his profile stories, the event story A Parade of Providence, and his Hangout Event all give a range for his age, which likely falls into his late 20's:
Kaveh reveals in the event A Parade of Providence that his father died 20 years ago after participating in the Interdarshan Championship to win the Diadem of Knowledge for him to play with. Kaveh clarifies he was "very young" at the time and could do little to help his mother.[12][13] His second profile story further explains that he entered the Akademiya when he reached schooling age, around the time of his father's death, suggesting that he was still a child when it happened. While the Sumeru schooling age is never explicitly stated, enrolling a child at the age of seven is considered "early," with the oldest known child enrollment into the Akademiya being at the age of nine.[14][15]
In Kaveh's Hangout Event, he discovers a drawing he made before the age of 5, stating that it was made more than 20 years ago, confirming that he is likely now over 25 years old.[16]
In Wondrous Times, Kaveh discovers an illustration by Faranak that he estimates was drawn more than 30 years ago based on the diary entry dates, and he clarifies that he had not yet been born at the time it was illustrated, implying that he is around 30 years old or younger.
Kaveh is the oldest in his friend group with Alhaitham, Tighnari, and Cyno.[17] While he is two years older than Alhaitham, the exact age difference between him, Tighnari, and Cyno is unknown.
In Wondrous Times in Kaveh's Hangout Event: Act I - The Pendulum of Weal and Woe, it is revealed that both of his parents are blond, meaning that his blond hair is inherited from them.
According to Zaha Hadi, Kaveh takes after his mother in looks and in aspects of personality (specifically, being awkward). Kaveh also shared her interest in architecture and followed her path of being an architect.
Kaveh notes his resemblance to his father in terms of personality/ideology - reinforced by Sachin in A Parade of Providence.
Kaveh appears to be ambidextrous with a preference for his left hand:
Kaveh uses Mehrak with both hands, beginning with his left, but switching to his right during his third Normal Attack and his Elemental Burst Painted Dome. He also performs his plunge attack right-handedly.
In the event cutscene of To Claim the Crown, Kaveh grabs Faruzan's mechanism with his right hand, and is later seen doing the same with the Diadem of Knowledge.
An official Paimon's Paintings emoji of Kaveh depicts him drawing with his left hand, but he is later depicted drafting a blueprint with his right hand in his 2023 birthday illustration.
In Kaveh's Hangout Event: Act I - The Pendulum of Weal and Woe, Kaveh uses both hands for different gesture animations, but uses his left hand more.
While it is not mentioned in his Character Stories, Kaveh has previously worked as a lecturer:
Sasani mentions that he taught an architectural elective at the Akademiya before she enrolled. In a bulletin argument, Alhaitham also mentions Kaveh receiving a stipend from the Akademiya, likely alluding to his job teaching there.
In the Treasure and True Interest route of his hangout, he mentions having hosted free lectures in the past.
In the caption of his 2023 Birthday art, he alludes to himself being a visiting professor at the Akademiya.
Kaveh can become a lecturer independent of the Akademiya in the Treasure and True Interest route of his Hangout Event.
The taglines in the Chinese character introductions for Alhaitham  (Chinese: 学识、思考及处事之道; English: The art of learning, thinking, and doing) and Kaveh  (Chinese: 体悟、仁爱与识美之知; English: Knowledge of comprehension, benevolence, and aesthetics) appear to form a duilian couplet, but lack an inverse tone pattern which is required for a traditional duilian.
Kaveh was one of the past visitors of Idyia's Veluriyam Mirage Domain, and he was responsible for redesigning many of the buildings.[18]
Kaveh may have also inspired the character Miraculous Architect from the play Skycastle Saviors, which the Traveler and Paimon listen to in the Event Quest of the same name.[19]
Kaveh is mentioned in the description of the following Furnishing: "Monthly Frustration-Be-Gone"
Etymology[]
Kaveh (Persian: کاوه) is a name of Persian origin which is used as both a given name and a surname. One famous figure with this name is Kaveh the Blacksmith, a figure recorded in the Shahnamah who led an uprising against the serpent Zahhak, also known in Avestan as Azhi Dahāka and was the inspiration for Azhdaha.
Notes[]

↑ Although Alhaitham's English voice-lines say Kaveh tends to be overly sensitive about everyone, the definition of sensitive in here is more close to "displaying a quick and delicate appreciation of others' feelings" rather than "getting easily offended, or upset" as in original Chinese voice-lines describe him as being too considerate or thoughtful of others.


Other Languages[]
Character Title: Empyrean Reflection[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishEmpyrean Reflection—Chinese(Simplified)天穹之镜Tiānqióng zhī JìngMirror of the FirmamentChinese(Traditional)天穹之鏡Tiānqióng zhī JìngJapanese天穹の鏡Tenkyuu no KagamiMirror of the FirmamentKorean천공의 거울Cheon'gong-ui GeoulMirror of the SkySpanishEl Espejo del EmpíreoThe Empyrean MirrorFrenchReflet empyréenEmpyrean ReflectionRussianОтражение эмпиреяOtrazheniye empireyaEmpyrean ReflectionThaiม่านนภาสะท้อนปฐพีMan napha sathon pathaphiSky Curtain Reflecting the LandVietnameseLăng Kính Vòm TrờiPrism of the FirmamentGermanEmpyreische ReflexionIndonesianEmpyrean Reflection—PortugueseRefletor EmpíreoEmpyrean ReflectorTurkishGök Kubbenin YansımasıItalianRiflesso empireoEmpyrean Reflection
References[]

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Kaveh

↑ 2.0 2.1 Faruzan's Voice-Over: About Kaveh

↑ Point of Interest, Puspa Café Message Board: Kaveh and Alhaitham

↑ NPC Dialogue: Sasani

↑ NPC Dialogue: Araby

↑ Nilou's Voice-Over: About Kaveh

↑ Alhaitham's Character Story: Character Story 4

↑ 8.0 8.1 Point of Interest, Port Ormos Bulletin Board: An Argument

↑ Story Quest, Alhaitham, Vultur Volans Chapter: Act I - The Illusions of the Mob, Part 3: Pride and Prejudice

↑ Event A Parade of Providence Quest: Act II - Beginnings and Endings, Part 2: Suspicions Aroused

↑ Event A Parade of Providence Quest: Act III - Gatherings and Partings, Part 2: The Arc of Intellect

↑ Event A Parade of Providence Quest: Act I - Comings and Goings, Part 1: Opening Festivities

↑ Event A Parade of Providence World Quest: When the Curtains Close

↑ Alhaitham's Character Story: Character Story 5

↑ Event A Parade of Providence World Quest: Sachin's Article

↑ Hangout Event, Kaveh, Act  I - The Pendulum of Weal and Woe: Past Mementos

↑ Hangout Event, Kaveh, Act  I - The Pendulum of Weal and Woe: Wondrous Times

↑ Event Secret Summer Paradise Quest: Part I - An Invitation From Afar!, Part 2: Glaze Domain, Multum in Parvo

↑ Event Secret Summer Paradise World Quest, Daiya's Three-Day Reverie: Skycastle Saviors


Navigation[]
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story
2 Combat
3 Navigation


Story[]

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Kaveh Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Hello.ogg I'm glad you gave me a chance. I always think it takes people with similar tastes to sustain a pleasant conversation.Nice to meet you — I'm Kaveh, an architect. If you have a project you'd like me to work on, then I'll need a detailed description of what you have in mind.
Chat: BeautyChat: BeautyMedia:VO_Kaveh Chat - Beauty.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Chat_-_Beauty.ogg The ability to appreciate beauty is an important virtue.
Chat: Overcoming BoredomChat: Overcoming BoredomMedia:VO_Kaveh Chat - Overcoming Boredom.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Chat_-_Overcoming_Boredom.ogg It's good to get out and stretch your legs once in a while. People aren't made to stay cooped up inside all the time.
Chat: Final PolishChat: Final PolishMedia:VO_Kaveh Chat - Final Polish.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Chat_-_Final_Polish.ogg My latest design's getting there, but there's still room for improvement. Better make my finishing touches before the deadline creeps up...
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Kaveh When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_When_It_Rains.ogg Huh? When did it start to rain? Oh no, I forgot to bring an umbrella...
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Kaveh When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Did you see that? That bolt of lightning was such an interesting shape!
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Kaveh When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_When_It_Snows.ogg Brrr... Feels like the wind's creeping in from the back of my shirt... and also the front...
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Kaveh When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg I get dizzy and sleepy when I'm under the sun for too long... It's a similar feeling to pulling an all-nighter on a work project.
In the DesertIn the DesertMedia:VO_Kaveh In the Desert.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_In_the_Desert.ogg This isn't my first trek into the desert, but I can never get used to the heat... *sigh* Is there no shade anywhere...?
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Kaveh Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Good_Morning.ogg Did you sleep well? I hope you have a great day today. And that you don't run into someone who ruins your day first thing in the morning.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Kaveh Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Good_Afternoon.ogg This midday sun is fierce... I should go check on the building materials I left out to dry.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Kaveh Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Good_Evening.ogg There's supposed to be a great view of the stars tonight. Don't you think that's a good omen?
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Kaveh Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Good_Night.ogg Relax your mind, and let go of all your troubles. Have a good night.
About Kaveh: ExpertiseAbout Kaveh: ExpertiseMedia:VO_Kaveh About Kaveh - Expertise.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Kaveh_-_Expertise.ogg It's fair to say I'm a pretty proud person when it comes to my area of expertise. Most scholars are when talking about their chosen fields. After all, we build our whole lives around it. I mean, if I ever stopped taking pride in my own work, then I would also forfeit the right to have any expectations of myself or anyone else.
About Kaveh: Artistry Friendship Lv. 4About Kaveh: Artistry Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh About Kaveh - Artistry.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Kaveh_-_Artistry.ogg Aesthetic isn't the number one priority in my work, and nor should it be: Quality and safety are paramount. But I never neglect the artistic side either. That's what sets my work apart from others'.
About Us: AppreciationAbout Us: AppreciationMedia:VO_Kaveh About Us - Appreciation.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Us_-_Appreciation.ogg You must've seen the Palace of Alcazarzaray before? That's my magnum opus. I sacrificed so much for that... Everyone else thought I'd lost my mind. Haha, well, if you're not me, and you don't share my trade, I wouldn't expect you to understand. Mmm... It'd be nice to meet someone who did understand, though.
About Us: Ideals Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Ideals Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Kaveh About Us - Ideals.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Us_-_Ideals.ogg I've always thought that you can never truly know a person until you understand their deepest wishes. But once you start exploring hopes and dreams, whether they're your own or someone else's... it can be a dangerous journey. You might unlock something that can't be put away again. Not everyone can face the potential consequences of that.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_the_Vision.ogg I almost don't want to say this out loud, but... Sometimes, hopes and dreams bring suffering instead of happiness. Luckily, I don't mind my Vision.
Something to ShareSomething to ShareMedia:VO_Kaveh Something to Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Something_to_Share.ogg People who know what drives them to create deserve our respect. Wouldn't you agree?
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Kaveh Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Interesting_Things.ogg The uninitiated often assume that the expertise of Kshahrewar architects starts with clay and ends with lumber. It's such an ignorant perspective that it's not even worth arguing against... If all it took to build a house was to smush a few random materials together, there'd be no need for this discipline in the first place... As well as being one of the building blocks of human culture and civilization, architecture is also an art form. Art does not exist in a vacuum, so I've always been mindful of the experiential factor for the occupants, and the emotional character conveyed to those looking on from the outside... Oh, and I'm always looking for better ways to integrate artistic expression and practical functionality.
About Lesser Lord Kusanali Friendship Lv. 4About Lesser Lord Kusanali Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh About Lesser Lord Kusanali.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Lesser_Lord_Kusanali.ogg Lesser Lord Kusanali is a wise and capable god. Not only is she extremely knowledgeable, she also possesses virtue far beyond mortal comprehension. I have only the utmost respect for her tolerance of others — especially in a nation of learning like Sumeru, that takes great equanimity.Sometimes, though, I do stop to wonder... Surely even the gods must have their struggles, too? Oftentimes, confusion is the beginning of wisdom... In which case, how can we ever achieve true happiness?
About Alhaitham: Temperament Friendship Lv. 4About Alhaitham: Temperament Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh About Alhaitham - Temperament.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Alhaitham_-_Temperament.ogg I guarantee you'll never meet anyone else who's as infuriating as him! And for the record, yes, I would say that to his face. Sure, he's smart, and sure, geniuses often come with a bad temper, but that's only half the story with him... He knows perfectly well how to appear friendly and likable to others, he just doesn't want to.If he ever gives you the impression that he doesn't really have a temper, or that he's rigidly logical like a machine, then you just don't know him well enough yet. He definitely has a personality, it's just... too big a personality. Most people wouldn't get it.
About Alhaitham: It's Complicated Friendship Lv. 4About Alhaitham: It's Complicated Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh About Alhaitham - It's Complicated.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Alhaitham_-_It%27s_Complicated.ogg Alhaitham helped me out a fair amount recently. If we were still as close as we were during our student days, then I'd be thanking him every chance I got. Now, though... I can't seem get a word of appreciation out of my mouth. Even if I could, I wouldn't want to give him the satisfaction.I guess you could say our relationship is something of a mixed bag these days? Honestly, with everything that's happened, it almost feels like the universe has been playing pranks on us... It's hard to make sense of it all... too much to process for one lifetime. I will say that it's not every day that you get to know someone like him — I just wish he could rein in some of the worst excesses of his personality. Okay, yeah, that's never gonna happen.
About Tighnari Friendship Lv. 4About Tighnari Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Tighnari.ogg Ah, Tighnari... He's one of the nicest guys you could know. If you've met him, you'll know what I mean. He's kind, and he has enormous expertise in his field, but he never brags about it in front of other people. And he seems to genuinely care about his work.Back when I was building the Palace of Alcazarzaray, I asked him for some tips on how to pick out the right ornamental plants. After he wrote back to me, he also helped me out with some other issues, too. Oh, and I almost forgot — he was the one who first introduced me to Cyno.
About Dori Friendship Lv. 4About Dori Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh About Dori.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Dori.ogg Dori is the owner of the Palace of Alcazarzaray... Excuse me? Mine? No, don't be ridiculous. I know full well that it doesn't belong to me... I know, I know, but... argh, please, let's not go there!Dori is a shrewd one. She knows how to coerce others into doing things for her. I, uh... For, ahem, various reasons, I now owe her a large sum of money. It all got quite complicated in the end, but... A—Anyway, I wish she'd show me a little mercy, and stop making my life a misery for the sake of Mora. I swear, she doesn't seem like a bad person at heart, so... I just don't understand, how did she turn out like this?
About Cyno Friendship Lv. 4About Cyno Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh About Cyno.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Cyno.ogg Cyno can come across as cold and ruthless, but he's actually a very big-hearted guy. I still remember how shocked I was when Tighnari said he was gonna introduce me to his best friend, and then a couple of seconds later, an incredibly intimidating matra comes walking through the door... I honestly never expected to meet a matra who's so comfortable hanging out with scholars. Gotta say though, I can't stand his sense of humor. It really makes my skin crawl. If he ever invites you to a meal at Tighnari's place, make sure someone's bringing beer, because no one should have to endure Cyno's humor while sober.
About Collei Friendship Lv. 4About Collei Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh About Collei.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Collei.ogg I've met Collei quite a few times now. As Tighnari's student and assistant, she follows him everywhere. With her diligence and patience, she's much more responsible than most other kids her age. But, umm... I can also tell that she's got a lot going on inside.
About Nilou Friendship Lv. 4About Nilou Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh About Nilou.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Nilou.ogg Nilou's talent as a dancer is indisputable. Zubayr Theater really lucked out when they recruited her. I've heard that she has a great personality too — she always smiles and says encouraging things to her audience when she's performing. Once I can find some time, I'll have to catch one of her shows.
About Faruzan Friendship Lv. 4About Faruzan Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh About Faruzan.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_About_Faruzan.ogg Madam Faruzan doesn't mince her words, so I can understand why some students at the Akademiya are afraid of her. She doesn't have any bad intentions, though — all she wants is to devote herself completely to the research that interests her. Some people say that all Haravatat scholars are hard to get along with, and uh... heh, I'll let you be the judge of that.I assume she's already asked you to be her student? She sure is a little intense when she's doing the hard sell, huh... But she can walk the walk too. She really does know her stuff.
More about [sic] Kaveh: IMore about [sic] Kaveh: IMedia:VO_Kaveh More About Kaveh - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_More_About_Kaveh_-_01.ogg You heard that I've earned myself a little fame in Sumeru? Hahaha, don't believe everything you hear. They're exaggerating, trust me. It's easy enough to make a name for yourself in Sumeru if you stick around here long enough — honestly, I think managing to keep a low profile would be more of an achievement.I hope you didn't first hear about me because of my bankruptcy scandal, though. Hmph... If you're actually willing to hear me out, I could tell you about some of my more redeeming qualities, heh...
More about Kaveh: II Friendship Lv. 3More about Kaveh: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Kaveh More About Kaveh - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_More_About_Kaveh_-_02.ogg You're not thinking about enrolling in the Akademiya, are you? ...Well, if you do sign up, from a pragmatic standpoint, I'd have to advise you to steer well clear of design. Don't get me wrong — it's a fascinating subject to study, but the work is... brutal. I spent some time working under one of my seniors after I first graduated, and they worked me to the bone every day... I was constantly being ordered around like a pack animal. I really don't know how I survived for as long as I did...
More about Kaveh: III Friendship Lv. 4More about Kaveh: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Kaveh More About Kaveh - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_More_About_Kaveh_-_03.ogg While everyone's aesthetic preferences differ to a point, beauty is, on the whole, a pretty concrete concept. I do think it's possible to establish some basic objective aesthetic standards. It's possible to improve your aesthetic appreciation, too, although it takes a lot of time to get the experience. If you ever need any advice on that front, by the way, you're always welcome to come to me.
More about Kaveh: IV Friendship Lv. 5More about Kaveh: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Kaveh More About Kaveh - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_More_About_Kaveh_-_04.ogg Some people think I like to stir up trouble, but they don't know what they're talking about. Anyone trying to make any sort of progress in life is inevitably gonna come into conflict with other people from time to time. You can't just ignore the situation because you don't wanna deal with it.
More about Kaveh: V Friendship Lv. 6More about Kaveh: V Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Kaveh More About Kaveh - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_More_About_Kaveh_-_05.ogg I like to have a drink or two when I've got the time — it's a good way to de-stress. Hm? Oh, yeah, I mean, mostly just to pass the time, heh.Uh... Ahem, what's that look for...? Alright, alright! I admit it! Maybe I do drown my sorrows a little more often that [sic] I was letting on. It all gets a bit too much sometimes, what with the unfinished projects, obstacles that I can't overcome, misunderstandings with other people... Don't you struggle with those kinds of things as well?
Kaveh's HobbiesKaveh's HobbiesMedia:VO_Kaveh Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Hobbies.ogg Music, architecture, sculpting, painting... All are worth taking the time to appreciate properly. I wouldn't say I'm an expert in all of them, but as long as I stay interested, maybe I can master them all one day. I mean, look — I already know how to play an instrument.
Kaveh's TroublesKaveh's TroublesMedia:VO_Kaveh Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Troubles.ogg My troubles? ...Hmm, the most obvious one would be my financial situation.It's not that I can't make Mora, it's just that I can't seem to hold on to it. So many things in life require money, and if you're not careful, it just disappears... Don't worry about me, though — I'm a lot better than I used to be. I'll be more careful to live within my means in the future.
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Kaveh Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Favorite_Food.ogg My favorites are alcohol, warm soup, and anything with cream or cheese in it. Oh, and I'll never say no to fresh fruit.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Kaveh Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg I can't deal with anything that's too hot or spicy. If I have to eat them, I leave them to cool first so I at least don't burn my tongue.
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Kaveh Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg This is marvelous! Can you teach me how to make it?
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Kaveh Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg I bet this'd go great with a glass of wine!
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Kaveh Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg ...Huh? Uh... It's hmm... Umm...
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Kaveh Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Birthday.ogg Is it your birthday today? Well, congratulations! Birthdays are important days, and it's also one of those days in the year that gets you thinking about your family. However you spend today, I hope it makes you happy.
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Kaveh Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg This'll do nicely... Thank you.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Kaveh Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg Hmm? Got any more where that came from?
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Kaveh Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg My horizons have been broadened... I hope I can hold on to this feeling.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Kaveh Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg The more power I wield, the more things I can accomplish. Even if achieving my goals comes at a cost, and even if all my hopes and dreams are built on pain and suffering... I don't want to turn back now.
Combat[]
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Kaveh Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Scanning!Media:VO Kaveh Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Come at me!Media:VO Kaveh Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Site clear!Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Kaveh Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Watch and learn!Media:VO Kaveh Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Breaking new ground.Media:VO Kaveh Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Feast your eyes!Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Kaveh Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndKaveh does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Kaveh Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Kaveh Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg A new discovery!Media:VO Kaveh Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg What a lucky find! Bet that's made your day?Media:VO Kaveh Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg This is incredible! No, extraordinary!Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Kaveh Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Low_HP_01.ogg How annoying!Media:VO Kaveh Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Low_HP_02.ogg That was your last chance.Media:VO Kaveh Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Low_HP_03.ogg Ugh... Shoo!Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Kaveh Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Leave this to me!Media:VO Kaveh Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Get behind me.FallenFallenMedia:VO Kaveh Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Fallen_01.ogg So many things... I never accomplished...Media:VO Kaveh Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Fallen_02.ogg Why...Media:VO Kaveh Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Fallen_03.ogg Don't... crush my dreams...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Kaveh Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Kaveh Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Ugh, hey! Cut it out...Media:VO Kaveh Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Huh! I've been through worse.Media:VO Kaveh Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Kaveh Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Joining_Party_01.ogg Need a hand?Media:VO Kaveh Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Joining_Party_02.ogg I'll take care of this.Media:VO Kaveh Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Joining_Party_03.ogg Is that the client...? Wait... Oh! It's you.Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Media:VO Kaveh Standby 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Standby_01.ogg (Not recorded in Profile)(Actual Voice-Over: Hmm...huh, wha-, ah! Where's my ke...eh, ugh, not again.)Media:VO Kaveh Standby 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Standby_02.ogg Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Kaveh Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Kaveh Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Kaveh Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Kaveh Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Kaveh Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Kaveh Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Kaveh Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Kaveh_Jumping_05.ogg 
Navigation[]
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Kaveh










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Kaveh can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining him and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 Amidst Scents and Serenity
4.2 Of Twirling Dances Unfettered


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets[]
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Kaveh has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsOf Twirling Dances Unfettered 20 2 20,000Amidst Scents and Serenity 20 1 20,000
Idle Quotes[]

 Finally, a break...
 Plans...
 My art...
 My next work...
 I have to go back...
(When the player is nearby)
 Hello.
 This land...

Dialogue[]

Media:vo kaveh mimitomo hello 01.ogg Kaveh: Hello.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo hello 02.ogg Kaveh: Huh... This place sure is interesting.
 How do you like it here?
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Kaveh: I'm still getting used to it all.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Kaveh: Never have I seen a place where you can decorate to your heart's whimsy... You don't understand what this means to an architect like me.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Kaveh: It blows my mind... So much free space for building and designing! It's like a sketchbook that'll never run out of pages.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Kaveh: I guess what I really want to say is... I'm so grateful that you invited me here as your guest.
 Relax the formalities and make yourself at home.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Kaveh: Err... That might not be the best idea...
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Kaveh: To be perfectly honest with you, my blood has been boiling with excitement ever since I first stepped foot in this realm.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Kaveh: Guess it's a designer's instinct? I mean, if you ask me, I think all artistic folks are kinda like this.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Kaveh: Looking at your realm, all I can think about are things like architectural composition and façade designs.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg Kaveh: Speaking of which, can I see your gardens and ponds? Or how about your water fountains? If you don't mind, tell me what you had in mind when decorating your realm!
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg Kaveh: I want to know the reasoning behind why you arranged the roads and buildings like this...
 I'm sorry, I threw everything together on a whim.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11a 1.ogg Kaveh: A... whim? Wait, why would you just put things together on a whim? None of this was planned?
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11a 2.ogg Kaveh: When it comes to design, placement shouldn't be arbitrary... Don't tell me, the boundless potential of this place has robbed you of your principles and pride as a creator!?
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11a 3.ogg Kaveh: I see now... These weirdly spaced furnishings, and all the things that seemingly serve no purpose... Hm...
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11a 4.ogg Kaveh: Ugh... I—It's okay, I'll chalk it up to you having a unique sense of style.
 I arranged them using the insights I've gained on my journey.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11b 1.ogg Kaveh: Ah, I see. Taking what you've learned from your travels and applying them to your principles of design... Excellent!
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11b 2.ogg Kaveh: You have the eye for this kind of work. If the life of an architect wasn't so difficult, I'd recommend that you enroll in formal study.
 I didn't feel like the Palace of Alcazarzaray was all that impressive...
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11c 1.ogg Kaveh: What did you say!?
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11c 2.ogg Kaveh: I... Ahem! It's fine, it's fine, people have different tastes... I can't force you to like my style. Besides, some aspects of it are difficult to appreciate unless you have a certain level of understanding about aesthetics...
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11c 3.ogg Kaveh: Hmph! I'm not so easily offended. Pfft.
 But... there's literally nothing here.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11d 1.ogg Kaveh: ...
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11d 2.ogg Kaveh: ...
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11d 3.ogg Kaveh: Look, I've been pretending that you know something about decorating, so can't you play along, too?
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11d 4.ogg Kaveh: I'm an architect! I build and design things! Seeing your home devoid of anything makes me feel really... really sad.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship1 11d 5.ogg Kaveh: Can't you try, just a little? Don't let such a wondrous space go to waste.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Kaveh: Sure. Anything you want to talk about?
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Kaveh: It's probably best if I don't pick the topic of conversation. I've had people tell me that I just end up rambling on endlessly about my profession.
 Tell me about your life, then.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 1.ogg Kaveh: My life? Hmm... There's a lot I could talk about, but I don't know where to start...
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 2.ogg Kaveh: I guess I'll share this... There was once a time in my life when I lived in abject poverty. Bankruptcy led to many a misfortune — in this world, if you don't have money, you essentially have no dignity.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 3.ogg Kaveh: I hated living like that, but I also had no quick way out of that situation. Every day was a struggle between my ego and my reality.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 4.ogg Kaveh: I had a lot of pride about being a master architect, so I detested the idea of doing anything else for a living... Only later did I learn about the more difficult aspects of life.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 5.ogg Kaveh: I was far more idealistic during my years as a student. I hate to admit it, but... an overly naive person cannot survive in this world.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03a 6.ogg Kaveh: Ah, sorry, I didn't mean to take the conversation to such a heavy place. Please pretend I didn't say anything.
 Tell me about what you like.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03b 1.ogg Kaveh: Hm, things I like... I recently bought a new coffee grinder. It's been great.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03b 2.ogg Kaveh: It's so elaborately made, and, most importantly, each component is perfectly in its place.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03b 3.ogg Kaveh: It doesn't have any extra screws or parts, and it grinds beans quickly and silently. It was a great purchase.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship2 03b 4.ogg Kaveh: Ah, I left the house in a hurry today, so I didn't bring anything with me... I'll bring you some finely ground coffee next time.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Anything you want to do?
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Kaveh: I want to go to the most distant point from here. With such a fantastical realm, I want to know where its boundaries roughly lie.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Kaveh: It's not every day you come across technology like this. If it could be replicated one day for architectural projects...
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Kaveh: Sumeru's buildings can be divided into several primary categories. Buildings in the rainforest are mostly wooden, while those in Sumeru City and Port Ormos are generally made of stone.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Kaveh: You've been to Port Ormos, right? Its lighthouse is a paradigm of Sumeru's architecture. I was responsible for its last round of renovations.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Kaveh: Although we managed to renovate the building's weathered exterior, restoring the lighthouse's heavily eroded foundation was a massive struggle... There was only so much we could do.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Kaveh: If only we had a place with a stable foundation and an unobstructed view... We could then experiment with builds to improve the lighthouse's structure.
 It sounds like you need this teapot much more than I do.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Kaveh: In some ways, yes.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Kaveh: But I'd never try to buy this place from you, even if I had the Mora to do so. This little magical teapot must have a special place in your heart.
 You could say it's my "home."
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Kaveh: "Home," huh...
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Kaveh: I've designed many houses for others, but a house isn't really the same thing as a home.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg Kaveh: A house can simply be a pile of wood on a plot of land, but a home cannot exist without inhabitants — the presence of people is what turns a house into a home.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg Kaveh: I heard that you embarked on your journey to reunite with your sibling. While I can't completely relate to your situation, the yearning for loved ones is a universal feeling.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 13a.ogg Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 13b.ogg Kaveh: I pray that your dream soon comes true — that you find your (‍sistersisterText for male Traveler/brotherbrotherText for female Traveler‍) and have (‍herherText for male Traveler/himhimText for female Traveler‍) in your life again.
 Thank you, Kaveh. Can we commission you when that time comes?
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg Kaveh: Hahaha, of course! When that day does come, I won't charge you any commission fees. I'm sure your happiness alone will be more than enough for me.
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Good morning, Kaveh.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo morning 01.ogg Kaveh: Good morning. A new day brings new tasks and responsibilities.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo morning 02.ogg Kaveh: A little tip: Take your time — everything will get done.
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Kaveh.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo night 01.ogg Kaveh: You've worked hard. Take some well-deserved rest.
Media:vo kaveh mimitomo night 02.ogg Kaveh: Cast your troubles to the wayside, and let yourself fall into the sweet embrace of sleep. You might see things in a new light once you wake up.

Special Dialogue[]
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

Amidst Scents and Serenity[]

Media:vo mimitomo xm kaveh garden 01.ogg Kaveh: This style is one of the most widely used in Sumeru. You can see its influence on many of the Akademiya's buildings.
Media:vo mimitomo xm kaveh garden 02.ogg Kaveh: If I could recommend only one of Sumeru's architecture styles, this one would be it. The central, white section really brings the whole composition together.
Media:vo mimitomo xm kaveh garden 03.ogg Kaveh: As for any shortcomings... I suppose the sections extending from the floral vault are prone to collecting dust? It must be a pain to clean them.

Of Twirling Dances Unfettered[]

Media:vo mimitomo xm kaveh theater 01.ogg Kaveh: Oh, I just love theaters.
Media:vo mimitomo xm kaveh theater 02.ogg Kaveh: They take you away you from your troubles, and you just feel so free...
Media:vo mimitomo xm kaveh theater 03.ogg Kaveh: I quite like this fountain. It's on the smaller side, but it serves its purpose well. The decorations on the side are quite lovely, too.

Change History[]
Released in Version 3.6[Create New History]
Navigation[]
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






