Sigewinne is the resident head nurse of the Fortress of Meropide. In the past, Sigewinne chose to adopt a human appearance in order to save a young child she befriended at a time where Melusines were looked down upon. However, her transformation was against Fontaine laws, resulting in her conviction to the Fortress of Meropide.





Sweetness of the Sea





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Sigewinne


De­scrip­tion
Sigewinne's outfit. Its brilliant colors epitomize Head Nurse Sigewinne herself — a welcome ray of sunshine brightening life down in the gloomy depths.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


Sweetness of the Sea is Sigewinne's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance
2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
Sigewinne's hair is tied in pigtails by two white pom-poms. Atop her head, she wears a nurse's cap, adorned with small gold trinkets. 
Her outfit is, a turquoise undercoat with a large pink bow combined with a golden fastener. Her sleeves have golden patterns with white cuffs and a pink stripe, with two gold heart-shaped buttons attached to them. She also wears a pair of white gloves. Overtop, she wears a white apron with gold clips on the top and a heart-shaped pocket on the bottom. Her apron is adorned with multiple pink and blue bowties arranged around the hem. A golden heart-shaped ornament is attached to the apron with a heart monitor in the middle; the monitor shows a broken heart on the left side and a normal heart on the right. Underneath that are a set of black shorts with golden print, that have open sides revealing some white ruffles. The shorts are rolled up, revealing a white underside, and are held in place by bunny-shaped gold clips. Furthermore, she sports white tights with light blue and pink decals on the sides.
Sigewinne's footwear is a set of black moccasin-style shoes with blue-striped socks, along with short ankle warmers that have blue ribbons and are held on with 2 golden buttons each. On her back, there's a pink bow with her Hydro Vision attached and a pair of white decorative wings on top of the vision.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Sigewinne 1.mp4      Media:Idle Sigewinne 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Sigewinne.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Sigewinne.mp4      Media:Party Setup Sigewinne.mp4 File:Party Setup Sigewinne.gif   
Turnarounds[]
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishSweetness of the Sea—Chinese(Simplified)大海的甜色Dàhǎi de TiánsèSweet Color of the SeaChinese(Traditional)大海的甜色Dàhǎi de TiánsèJapanese海のスウィートカラーUmi no Suwiito KaraaSweet Color of the SeaKorean달콤한 바닷빛Dalkomhan BadatbitSpanishDulzura del marSweetness of the SeaFrenchDouceur de la merSweetness of the SeaRussianСладость океанаSladost' okeanaThaiท้องทะเลแสนหวานVietnameseMàu Ngọt Của Biển LớnGermanSüße der SeeIndonesianSweetness of the Sea—PortugueseDoces Matizes OceânicasTurkishDenizin TatlılığıItalianDolcezza del mareSweetness of the Sea
Change History[]
Released in Version 4.7[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
The head nurse of the Fortress of Meropide. As a Melusine, she uses her unique perspective to observe and care for those around her.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction
4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Melusine-Specialized Portable Integrated Medical Apparatus
4.8 Vision


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 Archon Quests
7.2 Story Quests
7.3 Web Events


8 Character Mentions

8.1 Character Stories
8.2 Character Voice-Overs


9 Trivia

9.1 Etymology


10 Other Languages

10.1 Character Title: Wondrous Dragonheir


11 References
12 Navigation


Personality[]
A Melusine and the Fortress of Meropide's head nurse. She cares equally for every convict locked in the undersea prison.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Sigewinne is extremely kind and wanting to help others wherever possible. When the Melusines first explored Fontaine, they were initially treated as monsters by the locals, but she managed to befriend a young girl and learned medical skills from a doctor willing to teach her. Sigewinne's determination in helping others culminated when her human friend became sick, but her parents shunned her because she was a Melusine. Not wanting to leave her friend to die, she willingly gave up her Melusine form to become more of a human with a special potion. After being sentenced to the Fortress of Meropide for breaking an ancient law, she chose to remain behind after her sentence was lifted to help its inhabitants, making her universally beloved. 
Unlike other Melusines, Sigewinne has a more intricate understanding of humanity due to understanding the concept of death, which the Melusine race is exempt to. She also understands that there are illnesses that cannot be cured, but she does her best to take care of her patients nonetheless.
As a Melusine, Sigewinne has naturally increased hearing and eyesight, allowing her to discern traits that other people might miss. Her interpretation of food is likewise unique, with Wolsey and Wriothesley considering her food "unique" despite her insistence that it is healthy.

Appearance[]
See also: Sweetness of the Sea
Sigewinne uses the short female model. Sigewinne is a Melusine,[2] sharing a similar body type to the rest of her sisters, although she has a uniquely human-like complexion and set of hands.[3][4] In comparison, her pink eye color, tall blue ears with frosted tips and curled tail are much more reminiscent of a typical Melusine seen around Fontaine. Her hair color is pastel blue fading to a purple with white highlights.

Official Introduction[]
Pure Spirit, Heed My Wish
"Sigewinne's the most unique out of all the Melusine friends my parents know. They say that she was a guest at our place a long time ago, and that she held my hand, supporting me when I had just learned to walk. Many years have passed since, and I've become an adult — she, on the other hand, is just as meticulous and enthusiastic as ever."—Emilie
The infirmary is the warmest place in the Fortress of Meropide, where the sun fails to shine.
Rumor has it that the head nurse, who manages said infirmary, is also its founder. The Fortress has changed hands in chaotic circumstances several times over the centuries, but there has always been a tacit agreement amongst all who live here not to harm the medical staff in any way.
The reason for this is simple — few doctors could endure treating criminals and staying in such a place for long.
Fewer still would be as clement, cute, conscientious, and considerate as Sigewinne.
There was once an inmate whose life Sigewinne saved after he had been gravely injured while causing trouble, who then proclaimed her to be an emissary of the heavens — an "angel of salvation" — sent to bring redemption to criminals, even saying that he would preach this far and wide on her behalf.
"That's a bit much, isn't it?" The head nurse shook her head, her long ears bobbing along.
"I won't ask what you did wrong before saving you, but you'll still have to finish serving your sentence once you've healed up," she said, hands on hips. "Flattery's not getting you anywhere!"

Character Stories[]
Character Details
Within the huge undersea facilities of the Fortress of Meropide, Sigewinne's infirmary is one of the few places open to all people at all times.A guard might have a terrible bout of illness while out on patrol at night, and have to be helped over to the infirmary by his colleagues, only to find that a hot drink and a clean bed had already been prepared, awaiting his arrival. Or an exhausted inmate might collapse from overexertion at their lunch desk, then awake to find their meal by their bedside, snug within an insulated container...As they made these discoveries, Sigewinne's smile would also come into view, swiftly relieving both fright and fatigue, helping them to calm down and accept treatment and care.All are in awe of her dedication, yet are also puzzled by the warmness of her heart.To be consigned to the Fortress is a punishment in and of itself, and even the most youthful and energetic of guards must take a day off after consecutive days of work. Yet Sigewinne has taken precious few of these throughout Wriothesley's entire tenure as administrator. The lights in the infirmary are always on, and it seems that they'll never be put out... The motivation behind such enthusiasm may as well be an enigma to guard and inmate alike."Could it be that she is an emissary sent from the heavens to watch over us?"What began as a single inmate mumbling away to themselves after seeing the wings on Sigewinne's back was swiftly taken up others, until before long the vast majority were behind it. In this world without light beneath the waves, she had become their "sun," bringing a radiant warmth to their dark, damp prison.To repay this "angel" for her care, the guards have an "unwritten rule" beyond the many administrative systems already present — any who are rude to Sigewinne are punished extra harshly. The inmates, for their part, also have an unspoken agreement that any particularly wild and violent newcomers must receive a "warning" upon being admitted. After all, they had to be made aware that the community would brook no affront to their angel, didn't they?Sigewinne herself is blissfully unaware of all these customs that have cropped up around her, and simply serves her patients as she always has. However, there will always be some curious person who will ask:"Head Nurse, why do you stay here to take care of us? Don't you get tired or, y'know, annoyed?"Whenever this happens, Sigewinne's brows tend to furrow (a rare sight indeed), as though the question was absurd."Hmm... Have you ever had a pet cat? You take care of them, and watch them be cute in their various ways... That's something that makes you happy in and of itself, isn't it? Why would anyone ever get tired of something like that?"Most who ask cannot quite believe their ears when they receive such an answer, and those they tell are even less convinced."Nonsense, if ever I've heard it! I'd sooner believe that angels exist!"Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
In the days just following Sigewinne's appointment to the post of Head Nurse, the Fortress saw many instances of inmates overworking themselves.Even without being ordered to do so, many would persist in working when rest times rolled around. Perhaps they were simply looking for a faster way to get their hands on temporary luxuries to lavish upon themselves, or place another bet in the next boxing match — either way, the Credit Coupons caused many an inmate to sacrifice their health in pursuit of their desires.Seeing all this confused Sigewinne, yet she was unable to do anything about it. The way she saw it, "exhaustion" was an "illness" that humans actively sought to afflict themselves with."But since it is an illness, I could come up with a cure, couldn't I?"So thinking, she began sourcing for ingredients, eventually coming up with a type of medicine that was to her satisfaction. Both packed full of nutrition and delicious, in her eyes it was a sure-fire winner.Yet when she first tried to use it, the inmate she was treating blanched in terror at the sight and refused to take it.Bewildered by this reaction, Sigewinne sought help from many sources, eventually receiving her answer from the inmate who served as head chef."Sounds like a piece of cake to me! We chefs can turn anything into a gourmet dish, even the ugliest-looking roots and rhizomes around."Though she found herself disagreeing with his definition of "ugly," Sigewinne was grateful for the head chef's help, and so she showed him the ingredients she had prepared.There was a long silence as the head chef looked over the items before him."Head Nurse, I will do my best. Oh, and if you don't mind, next time you send me the ingredients... Don't let anyone see them, alright?Sigewinne did not understand why he was so worried, but seeing his earnest gaze, she agreed. Afterwards, she was to give this medicine the official name of "Nutritious Meal," and thus did it become one of the secret menu items at the canteen — one that would inevitably show up on an inmate's tray the day after they overworked themselves.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
After Sigewinne became Head Nurse, the fact that she looked like a human yet was actually a Melusine became an open secret, and the news spread even beyond the Fortress's walls.Some guessed that she might be a descendant of mixed human and Melusine blood, but any who discussed this possibility would receive a stern warning from the Marechaussee Phantom. Even Iudex Neuvillette would personally come out against such rumors, "with the intent to quash such inappropriate, discourteous canards."Some guessed that she might be wearing a special mask and gloves, postulating that this made it easier for her to blend in with humanity. But most quickly refuted this belief, for the time when humans had ostracized Melusines was now far behind them, and there was no need for Sigewinne to live in this way.Newspapers quickly seized upon the selling power of this public curiosity, and many reporters were dispatched to the Fortress to interview her."Forgive me for asking, but might we know how you came to look the way you do?"The reporters tactful approaches belied their urgency. Sigewinne, after giving the question some serious thought, began to tell a story woven from distant memories—In the times when humans and Melusines did not yet trust one another, only one little girl was willing to make friends with a Melusine. Later, when she fell seriously ill, Sigewinne was the only doctor who was able to make it on time. But because she was a Melusine — and only because of that — the girl's parents did not allow Sigewinne to enter.To save her friend, Sigewinne looked for a frightening witch and begged her to help. Having ascertained Sigewinne's resolve, the witch gave her a bottled potion of brewed sin. After using it, Sigewinne gained a human countenance, hands, and feet, and by so doing managed to save her friend.Having listened to this story, the reporters glanced at each other."Head Nurse, this is a fairy tale, isn't it?""It's true, you know."They looked into the Melusine's eyes, then back at each other. Each of them was among the elite of their profession, and they all believed that they could see through an interviewee's lie with ease, yet there was no trace of falsehood in Sigewinne's expression.And so it was that they returned in vain, and perhaps there was consensus that the public would not be convinced by the story, for Sigewinne's answer was never published.Afterward, those around her came to believe that this was a matter she had no wish to discuss, and thus they privately agreed that no one was to ask her again. Perhaps only Sigewinne herself knows that she had hidden nothing, though she might not have understood the full truth at the time.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
Ever since entering the Fortress, Sigewinne has maintained a correspondence with Neuvillette via letters.She responds earnestly to every letter he sends, and out of concern for the possible boredom that he might have to endure in the Palais Mermonia, she sometimes even includes anecdotes about some interesting things that have happened at the Fortress."Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, I am doing very well right now. I received the medical items in a shipment a while back — thank you very much for selecting them and arranging for their arrival.""Something quite interesting happened recently. A newly arrived youngster brought down an old bully who's been throwing his weight around for a long time now. He was injured in the process, though. He is very young indeed, but he's tougher than any adult I've met so far. He even refused anesthetics when I was stitching his wound, saying that he wanted to keep his head clear...Neuvillette's reply that time came a good while earlier than usual. He seemed to have recognized the young man Sigewinne had mentioned, and requested that she took close care of him. Although he wrote in the same officialese as usual, Sigewinne could sense that he was following this young man with interest.As such, matters concerning this young man would become a common feature of her letters to Neuvillette."Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, he has injured himself in a fight again, and refused anesthetics as always... I snuck some into his tea anyway, stitching him up after he fell asleep. He never cries out when I treat him, but I know how painful it must be for him.""Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, he still refuses to drink the milkshakes I make for him, even though they'd do him a lot of good...""Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, he has grown quite a bit. Perhaps he might even be a little taller than you are now...""Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, the medical supplies that I reported as missing in my previous letter have now been found, thanks to him. It seems that there are no longer any secrets that may be kept from him down here...""Dear Mr. Neuvillette, based on your previous instructions, I am to address him as 'Your Grace' now, yes?"...Many years later, after the young man named Wriothesley had become the new administrator of the Fortress, through some coincidence he discovered Sigewinne and Neuvillette's status as pen pals."Just as I thought. Our dear Iudex placed a spy by my side.""Why do you say that? I only mentioned you in my letters because Monsieur Neuvillette was concerned about you."Wriothesley did not agree with this, but he did not refute it directly, instead choosing to talk about a certain encounter from before he went to prison. At that time, wracked with hunger, he had been flipping through a discarded newspaper, searching for some opportunity to make Mora. However, the one he had met was not the "concerned" Monsieur Neuvillette, but rather a warm-hearted Melusine officer. It was only thanks to the food she gave him that he managed to make it through at all."The Iudex does not... Or to be precise, he cannot show concern for anyone. This is one of the restrictions he must accept as the Iudex. Even his subordinates are freer than he is to show concern for others."Nonetheless, do continue writing to him about anything you like. I suppose that is one of the restrictions I must accept."Sigewinne, too, did not attempt to refute Wriothesley's view, even as he left — for she had never imagined that he, despite everything he knew, would come to such an incorrect conclusion. Long ago, when the Melusines had just come up to the surface world, many of them would present gifts to humanity as gestures of goodwill. Yet this was exploited by evil folk, bringing danger upon many Melusines. Thus it was that Neuvillette gathered them all, strictly prohibiting such behavior. If it were not for Neuvillette's express instructions, that Melusine officer would never have given Wriothesley any food herself.After much deliberation, Sigewinne decided to pen a new letter."Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, I have finally found a secret that even he does not know..."Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
As far as Melusines are concerned, humans aging, falling ill, and dying is as natural as the sunrise and sunset.This is the first thing all Melusines understand in their attempts to understand humans, for it is the biggest difference between them. Many Melusines' understanding of humanity also stops here, for what they faced when they came onto land was human wariness and rejection; so they returned to the waters, giving up on further investigation into the transient lot that is humanity's.Unlike these Melusines, Sigewinne's curiosity bid her stay, and also alerted her to the magic of the science of "medicine." It was said that this magic was quite marvelous, even able to change the natural law known as death by age and ailment.Sigewinne wished to master this magic, believing that it might help bridge the chasm between Melusines and humans, allowing the former to blend in with the latter. Unfortunately, in the days when Melusines had first entered society, none among the humans understood her thought process, and even less so were they willing to impart medical skills onto her.This persisted until a traveling doctor who the children called "the witch" encountered the Melusine, and heard her out."Seriously? What do you think medicine is? How childish."Sigewinne was expecting to be rejected even as she silently bore the criticism, only for the "witch" to scare off a few children who were looking to ridicule the Melusine, before waving for her to follow."Might as well come with me, then. I'll show you what the real answer is."Thus did Sigewinne come to own her very own medical kit, learning medicine at the feet of this "witch." The latter was an excellent doctor and a dutiful teacher alike. There was almost no illness that she could not cure, no technique she could not teach.As their travels gradually took them all across Fontaine, Sigewinne had already learned how to prepare various medicines as well as scare off children with ghost stories, and she would also call this "witch" her "Teacher."One day, this traveling doctor of a "witch" would stop her wandering feet, and with a serious expression that seemed somewhat out of character, called Sigewinne over to assist her."What shall we use to cure this person, Teacher?""There is no cure. Just give them some painkillers."This was the first time Sigewinne had ever heard her teacher make such a pronouncement. Though shocked, she prepared the relevant substance nonetheless. Then, she watched as the suffering patient calmed down, said their farewells to their family members, before passing on peacefully.In the night, the two of them would continue their journey."I didn't know there were illnesses you could not cure, Teacher. Are there more of them?""Oh, lots. No matter how advanced medicine becomes, there will always be incurable illnesses.""Then why does medicine exist?""All humans will die. In which case, why do humans exist?" replied the "witch."Hearing her Teacher's response, Sigewinne teetered on the edge of understanding. She thought back to the farewells they had seen earlier, rifling through her memories for an answer."For their smiles? Their tears?"Her teacher, ever serious, suddenly gave her a rare, gentle smile."Let's leave it at that for now. Once you've figured it out, not only will you understand medicine, but humanity as well."Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6  •  The Warmth of Lies
"Fontainians were originally Oceanids, and their bodies will dissolve in Primordial Seawater."That great flood washed away the sins of all Fontainians and revealed the shocking truth at the same time. Of this matter, Sigewinne had a far greater understanding than most. After settling the inmates injured in the flood, she returned to the Fortress ahead of time and took out that letter, sealed securely in a bottle as it had been for hundreds of years."I assume that if you're opening this letter, you've understood all those things I had doubts about, just as we agreed?""No matter. I know I need not worry. You've always done as I said, trusting me unconditionally. As such, allow me to open with an apology. I lied to you, even at the end.""The strange illness I discovered manifests as the dissolution of the human body. All bodily tissues and structures will dissipate, leaving behind a liquid that appears as close to pure water as might seem possible. Even by using myself as an experimental subject and forcing myself into a fatal impasse, I could not find the answer to curing the disease in this liquid. All I gained was one meaningless discovery — that if you mixed this liquid with some specific ingredients, you will obtain a face-changing solution usable by Fontainians alone. With this solution, they can change their appearance into anything they desire.""I originally thought it useless... until you found me, and told me of your dilemma, of being unable to save your friend due to being a Melusine. It suddenly occurred to me that it might also have some effect on a Melusine constitution, and that this predicament I found myself at may yet have some purpose.""That is why I tricked you. The bottle on the table is not some sort of mysterious potion, but the final gift I can leave you after I have dissolved myself.""Just take it as a sort of medicine — after all, didn't I tell you that we had to be willing to resort to trickery to get children to drink theirs?"Having finished reading the letter, Sigewinne returned to the place she had chosen to memorialize her teacher, now armed with the full truth.There was no gravestone here, only an unremarkable water's edge. Sigewinne had never found her teacher's body, and so had set up a simple cenotaph for her. Hundreds of years later, the monument had in turn been swallowed up by the constantly rising waters.Sigewinne did not begrudge her teacher that lie, for she could feel the "warmth" in it each time she touched her cheeks."Thank you, Teacher."And she laid that letter upon the waters, and watched it drift far away.Melusine-Specialized Portable Integrated Medical Apparatus Friendship Lv. 4
In the days before the main body of the Fontaine Research Institute had yet to float in the skies, the researchers would also accept some research projects that lay outside the scope of their usual investigations as a way to repay their benefactors.These projects were largely dry, uninteresting, but tolerable sacrifices for the sake of courting sponsors. Still, some would be outright ridiculous, to the point that the researchers might consider having their funding cut to be preferable to actually carrying them out.One day, one such task appeared, finding pride of place on their announcement boards."Extra Urgent: Specialist Medical Device Development.""Requirements: 1. Portable, Small Size, Lightweight, to be carried with ease by a person with the build of a small child. 2. Needs to contain all needed medical implements for emergency calls (if present medical instruments cannot meet these requirements, a new complement of devices will need to be created separately.) 3. Contains a function with which to perform routine health checkups. 4. Must have a cute design."Those who had gathered around the board to read this began to scrunch up their brows as they did so, and finally, they could not contain their anger any longer."What sort of request is this? Never mind the how strict the requirements are — they're self-contradictory, too!""A cute design? What are we, toymakers?"But the person who had put up the notice was unfazed by their infuriated response."The commissioner is the Melusine head nurse at the Fortress of Meropide."At this, the researchers — who just moments before had been the very picture of outrage — fell utterly silent, until finally someone shouted out:"We're bidding for this one — no preferential treatment for those on shift! Also, anyone who complained just now is automatically out of the running!"After just a single month, Sigewinne had received a most satisfactory product. From then on, this heart-shaped medical kit could be seen at her hip wherever she went, indeed becoming one of her calling cards.If she had but one complaint, it would have to be its awful mouthful of a name — the "Melusine-Specialized Portable Integrated Medical Apparatus."Vision Friendship Lv. 6
Sigewinne is a most skilled medical practitioner indeed. Since entering the Fortress of Meropide, she has almost never encountered an illness she could not treat. And as the number she has saved has increased, so too has everyone's respect for her. As long as it's medical advice she gives, they will follow it to the letter.Still, there was one exception.This was an inmate by the name of "Oldstone," whose real name no one knew. They knew only that he had been serving his sentence for many years already, coming to spend his twilight years beneath the waves on account of its sheer length. His body grew more and more frail, but he would always reject treatment from Sigewinne."Don't bother me. No one can cure me."With such words he would refuse her each time she tried to give him a checkup. Eventually, she was forced to make use of her connections with the prison administration, calling upon the aid of several guards to drag those old stony bones into the infirmary. Thus did the long-overdue physical examination begin, but the result was one of despair — the old fellow's condition had long since been terminal, and was not something that Sigewinne could treat, for all her skill."See? I told you so!"Oldstone crowed in triumph as he looked into her defeated eyes, only for his laughter to turn into a bout of intense choking and bloody coughing, until finally he lost consciousness.After this, the arrogant old fellow was rendered bedridden. And for the first time, Sigewinne found herself feeling trapped in that now so familiar infirmary, not knowing what to do aside from watch over Oldstone as his final days slipped away.Still, she noticed that he would constantly stare at a specific date on the calendar, some strange light stubbornly lingering in those long deadened eyes of his."No matter how advanced medicine becomes, there will always be incurable illnesses.""Then why does medicine exist?"Sigewinne remembered the question she once asked her teacher, and suddenly realized that she might now pen the final annotation of her answer. So she came to Oldstone's bedside, and once again extended an invitation to him."My Teacher once told me that a doctor's greatest duty is not to cure all diseases, but to cure the ones they can. So let me help you.""You're saying there's something wrong with me that you can treat?""That's right. It's your inability to last till that day comes."He stared back at her in shock, but was ultimately won over by the resolve in her eyes.In the following ten or so days, despite his unwillingness, he drank every last concoction she gave him. His condition did not improve, and indeed his bloody coughing only increased in intensity and volume, but by some miracle he made it past the date of the death sentence his disease had passed upon him — made it to that day on the calendar.On that day, a mother and her son showed up in the infirmary. The son had been plying his trade as a merchant in Liyue, and this was the earliest he could hurry back to Fontaine. He first upbraided Oldstone for his failures as a father, then, upon receiving the old man's earnest apology, soaked the sickbed's sheets with his tears, before finally sending Oldstone off with a smile when that final moment came....After Oldstone's funeral, Sigewinne received a box of thank-you gifts from that mother and son. Just as she was about to pass them on to her patients, her eyes came upon something shiny.And what was it but a brand new Vision, as if the gods themselves had seen all her deeds, and sent her a gift of their own as well.Still, she did not display too much joy or surprise, instead taking this as just another annotation for her answer.How she wished her Teacher were here in this moment! That way, she could submit her answer at last:"For the smiles and tears on their faces!"
Namecard[]


Sigewinne: Treatment




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with SigewinneDescription:Sigewinne will take good care of her patients. Don't worry, her injections aren't that painful — and while the medicines aren't very tasty, you'd take them over the barren wasteland that special blend milkshakes represent.

Constellation[]
NereidesStory Chapter:NereidesMeaning:Nereids 
Quests and Events[]
Archon QuestsChapter IVAct III: To the Stars Shining in the DepthsFortress of MeropideThe Proscribed, Hidden in Plain SightAct IV: Cataclysm's QuickeningInto the Deepwater MurkThe Truth Shrouded in ShadowSecret Keepers and Forbidden ZonesCalamitous TreadA Moment's RespiteAct V: Masquerade of the GuiltyDeluge of Wrathful WatersApocalypseFinaleStory QuestsDiluvies Chapter (Neuvillette)Act I: The Remains of the Past DayIn a New LightNereides Chapter (Sigewinne)Act I: The Warmth of LiesBeauty ExpertSwitcherooUnderground CrimeThe Truth of What WasWeb EventsHeartfelt Doodlings
Character Mentions[]
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesNeuvilletteCharacter Story 5WriothesleyCharacter Story 3Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversChevreuseAbout Sigewinne Media:VO_Chevreuse About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO ZH_Chevreuse About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO JA_Chevreuse About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO KO_Chevreuse About Sigewinne.ogg The Special Security and Surveillance Patrol has a long-lasting friendship with the Melusines. We often collaborate with the Melusines who work in the Marechaussee Phantom. They're kind, honest, and reliable. When it comes to handling major cases, the role they play is irreplaceable. I, myself, am quite close to several Melusines, Sigewinne included.Melusines have long been one of our most indispensable partners. If there continue to be those who dare to slander and belittle their name, then they'll find themselves looking down the barrels of our muskets.ClorindeAbout Sigewinne Media:VO_Clorinde About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO ZH_Clorinde About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO JA_Clorinde About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO KO_Clorinde About Sigewinne.ogg Miss Sigewinne is an excellent nurse, equally adept at treating the injured and comforting the distressed. I'm sure that her kind and loving nature brings out what little good there may be even in the vilest offenders of the Fortress of Meropide.And maybe that just might serve as enough of a motivation for them to change their ways.NeuvilletteAbout Sigewinne Media:VO_Neuvillette About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO ZH_Neuvillette About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO JA_Neuvillette About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO KO_Neuvillette About Sigewinne.ogg I don't know how Sigewinne is faring these days. But if I hear so much as the whiff of a rumor that she's being bullied, I shall summon Wriothesley here and demand an explanation. She's so kind and vulnerable... She brought me some Kamera film the last time she visited, and asked to listen to more of my commentary on the water of Natlan... How long is it until her next vacation?WriothesleyAbout Sigewinne Media:VO_Wriothesley About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO ZH_Wriothesley About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO JA_Wriothesley About Sigewinne.ogg Media:VO KO_Wriothesley About Sigewinne.ogg Sigewinne the head nurse possesses all the virtues associated with the medical profession and genuinely cares for the well-being of everyone around her.She seems to have picked up some bad habits from me, though, like frequently betting with her Melusine friends over who'd be able to put more stickers on my belongings. Hm? No, I'm not actually bothered by it.
Trivia[]
Sigewinne is the first playable short female character since Diona to use a bow.
Similar to other Melusines, Sigewinne seems to have physical characteristics similar to nudibranch sea slugs, whose sensory organs (called rhinophores) are similar to long ears.
Menthe has mentioned that Sigewinne invites members of the Marechaussee Phantom to drink tea with her in "her infirmary," but doesn't want them to work there for long unless they change paths to medical work. According to Menthe, this is because those "underwater" were sent there by the Phantom, and likely wouldn't want to see uniformed Melusines.
The Vasari Passage Advertisement Board features a note from a Beauty and Skincare column that states Sigewinne will be hosting a lecture.
The wording of this message implies that Sigewinne used to host lectures but hasn't done so for quite some time.
Etymology[]
Sigewinne may be named after Sigeminne, also called Sigewinne, from the Middle High German epic poems Ortnit and Wolfdietrich. In these myths, Sigeminne is a half-snake, half-woman being, similar to the Melusine in European folklore.
This is supported by the name of her friend, fellow Melusine Ottnit, who appears as an NPC in her infirmary.
Other Languages[]
Character Title: Wondrous Dragonheir[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishWondrous Dragonheir—Chinese(Simplified)龙女妙变Lóng Nǚ Miào BiànWondrous Transformation of Dragon GirlChinese(Traditional)龍女妙變Lóng Nǚ Miào BiànJapanese龍の愛娘Ryuu no Manamusume‍[!][!]Assumed readingKorean용의 딸의 화려한 변신Yong-ui Ttar-ui Hwaryeohan ByeonsinSpanishLa Heredera DragontinaThe Dragon HeiressFrenchMerveilleuse fille-dragonneWondrous Dragon GirlRussianПреображённая дочь драконаPreobrazhyonnaya doch' drakonaTransfigured Daughter of DragonThaiธิดามังกรจำแลงVietnameseLong Nữ Diệu BiếnGermanWunderbare DrachenerbinIndonesianWondrous Dragonheir—PortugueseA Filha Transmutada do DragãoTurkishMuhteşem EjdervarisiItalianProdigiosa erede del dragoProdigious Heir of the Dragon
References[]

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Sigewinne

↑ NPC Dialogue, while riding the Aquabus: Aeval

↑ NPC Dialogue, while riding the Aquabus: Elphane

↑ NPC Dialogue: Menthe


Navigation[]
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story
2 Combat
3 Navigation


Story[]

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Sigewinne Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Hello.ogg What's wrong? Don't be nervous, I'm Nurse Sigewinne from the Fortress of Meropide. Lemme take a look at you... Any pain here? What about here? ...Oh, you're not here for a checkup? Well, that's great news, phew... You're so adorable, make sure you take good care of yourself, okay? We don't want anything happening to you.
Chat: StickersChat: StickersMedia:VO_Sigewinne Chat - Stickers.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Chat_-_Stickers.ogg No... I didn't put a sticker on your back.
Chat: ConcernChat: ConcernMedia:VO_Sigewinne Chat - Concern.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Chat_-_Concern.ogg Oh no! Did you bump into something? Well, if it hurts, just let me know.
Chat: WellbeingChat: WellbeingMedia:VO_Sigewinne Chat - Wellbeing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Chat_-_Wellbeing.ogg You only get one body, so you gotta take care of it. But it's just as important to take care of your mind.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Sigewinne When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_When_It_Rains.ogg Oh... I wonder what's on Monsieur Neuvillette's mind right now...
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Sigewinne When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg What an amazing sound... You only ever get to hear it up here above the water.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Sigewinne When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_When_It_Snows.ogg I bought a pair of mittens to keep my hands warm. Look, my Melusine round hands came back.
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Sigewinne When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg Ding-dong, Romaritime Flower here with a little tip for anyone planning on going outside and enjoying this lovely sunny weather: Please apply sun lotion to protect your skin.
In the DesertIn the DesertMedia:VO_Sigewinne In the Desert.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_In_the_Desert.ogg Make sure to stay hydrated. Monsieur Neuvillette loves drinking water. It's a very healthy habit.
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Sigewinne Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Good_Morning.ogg Good morning! Did you sleep well? Make sure to use warm water when you wash your face, it's kinder on your skin.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Sigewinne Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Good_Afternoon.ogg Oh gosh, it's almost lunchtime. I gotta leave for a minute... Shh, keep it a secret.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Sigewinne Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Good_Evening.ogg What time is it? I've been living underwater so long that I still have to check the clock to tell whether it's daytime or nighttime... No, I don't find it depressing at all. It's not even that I've gotten used to it. I just... kinda prefer being in the dark.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Sigewinne Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Good_Night.ogg You're having some trouble getting to sleep, huh? Hmm... Well, it doesn't seem to be a physical condition... Oh, I know. Talk to me, tell me what's on your mind. Whatever's preventing you from getting a good night's sleep, we'll get to the bottom of it together.
About Sigewinne: HandsAbout Sigewinne: HandsMedia:VO_Sigewinne About Sigewinne - Hands.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Sigewinne_-_Hands.ogg I love human hands, they're really handy for handling things. They make cutting bandages and picking up needles so much easier, and they fit my Tranquilizer Gun like a glove.
About Sigewinne: Romaritime Flower Friendship Lv. 4About Sigewinne: Romaritime Flower Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Sigewinne About Sigewinne - Romaritime Flower.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Sigewinne_-_Romaritime_Flower.ogg "Romaritime Flower" is the pen name I use for writing in Beautes en fleurs. It was actually chosen by a vote. My Melusine friends and I put our heads together and came up with three options, then we put them up on the bulletin board and got everyone to vote on them. So that was proof that by human standards, Romaritime Flower fits better with a beauty and skincare theme than um, "Sternshield Crab" or "Bubbler Seahorse."
About Us: GreetingsAbout Us: GreetingsMedia:VO_Sigewinne About Us - Greetings.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Us_-_Greetings.ogg Hihi~ Hmm? You're getting deja vu? Hee-hee, I guess you've met some other Melusines before, huh? That's right, you lean a little bit forwards, quickly wave your hand... and then greet the other person in a friendly tone: hello, hello~
About Us: Trust Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Trust Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Sigewinne About Us - Trust.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Us_-_Trust.ogg I remember that you once hid a potion and didn't drink it because it was too bitter. Later, I gave you a box of candies... that had some pills mixed in, and a recipe change so they wouldn't taste too strong. ...Oh, they were still bitter? You could tell right away, huh... Well, you still took them, so thank you for trusting me. I'll keep looking out for your health in the future. Just keep being a good patient, and take your medicine when you're told to.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Sigewinne About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_the_Vision.ogg Having a Vision helps me remove obstacles getting in the way of my work, which frees up valuable time to look after my patients. What kind of obstacles? Well, in my experience... sometimes, I get nasty characters trying to stop me from treating someone. And other times, it's the patients themselves — some people can be really uncooperative... But those are extreme cases. Most of the time, I prefer using my Vision to make lots of floaty, colorful bubbles. They always cheer me up, and they liven up the atmosphere — I have loads of great photos of me and my Melusine friends surrounded by bubbles.
Something to ShareSomething to ShareMedia:VO_Sigewinne Something to Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Something_to_Share.ogg Humans become very vulnerable when they get sick. I've seen lots of huge guys who boast about their skills in the Pankration Ring suddenly look at me like a frightened Blubberbeast when they find out they need an injection. I always make sure to bring plenty of candies and stickers to make them feel better when the waterworks start. It's really effective — a little treat always wipes the doom and gloom away.
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Sigewinne Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Interesting_Things.ogg Do you like going swimming? It's really nice around the Fortress of Meropide, so dark and murky. I bet you'd love it too... Wait, your eyebrow muscles are contracting, which means you're feeling uncomfortable... Okay, got it — let's go diving at the Salacia Plain instead! It's been so long since I saw the Leisurely Otters playing. I could watch them all day. But please make sure you don't harm them, and don't steal their shells.
About Neuvillette: Respect Friendship Lv. 4About Neuvillette: Respect Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Sigewinne About Neuvillette - Respect.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Neuvillette_-_Respect.ogg Monsieur Neuvillette was the one who brought the Melusines to the Court of Fontaine and found jobs for us to do. Together, we integrated into Fontaine society and learned about the wonders of humanity. I have huge respect for him, and I really like humans too. Hmm? Who would I save first if Monsieur Neuvillette and a human fell into the water? Well, that's easy. He'd definitely help me bring the human safely to shore.
About Neuvillette: Familiars Friendship Lv. 4 The Warmth of LiesAbout Neuvillette: Familiars Friendship Lv. 4 The Warmth of LiesMedia:VO_Sigewinne About Neuvillette - Familiars.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Neuvillette_-_Familiars.ogg We Melusines are Monsieur Neuvillette's familiars, but that doesn't mean he shows us any favor beyond what is fair and legal. I willingly accepted when he put me on trial, and I fully agreed with his verdict. I remember the day I left for the Fortress of Meropide, it was raining really hard. But I didn't feel like the raindrops were cold at all. They were warm and gentle, just like the way Monsieur Neuvillette looks at me...
About Wriothesley Friendship Lv. 4About Wriothesley Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Sigewinne About Wriothesley.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Wriothesley.ogg The Duke has the highest pain tolerance of anyone I've ever met. He wasn't always big and strong like he is now, but even in the beginning, he'd always refuse an anesthetic injection when he came to the infirmary to get stitches. He'd say something about wanting to keep a sharp mind, or something. I thought to myself, wow, what an impressive little grown-up he is. He's gone on to become an equally impressive big grown-up, too.
About Clorinde Friendship Lv. 4About Clorinde Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Sigewinne About Clorinde.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Clorinde.ogg Miss Clorinde doesn't make a lot of facial expressions when she talks. It's pretty difficult to tell what mood she's in from what her face is doing... She used the lipstick I gave her? Really? Hee-hee, I'm so glad she likes it! I knew that color would go great on her!
About Navia Friendship Lv. 4About Navia Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Sigewinne About Navia.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Navia.ogg The Fontaine Beauty Association holds regular meetings, and I really appreciate getting the chance to chat with everyone there. Most people, when I compliment them, just blush, lower their head, and try to brush it off. But Navia's different — she's always very happy to receive praise, and then she comes to shake my hand and take a photo with me as a souvenir. She's like a shining yellow rose who lights up the world around her, and whether it's daytime or nighttime, sunny or gloomy, she always looks dazzling.
About Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4About Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Sigewinne About Charlotte.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Charlotte.ogg I love looking at Charlotte's photos. You get to see what everyone's facial muscles do in all sorts of different situations: tensed up, relaxed, stretching up, drooping down... Hehe, I remember them all very fondly.
About Lyney Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningAbout Lyney Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningMedia:VO_Sigewinne About Lyney.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Lyney.ogg I still feel sorry for firing that tranquilizer shot at Mr. Lyney... It was an emergency situation, and that was the least harmful way of incapacitating him... Thankfully, he was okay with letting me take care of Mr. Freminet once he understood that I bore them no ill will.
About Lynette Friendship Lv. 4About Lynette Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Sigewinne About Lynette.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Lynette.ogg Lynette is cute two times over: human-being-cute, and kitty-cute! After observing her a little bit, I noticed that her ears lean forward when she's having tea and cake. Hee-hee, I just wanna stroke her on the head... You too? Why don't we ask her for permission next time?
About Freminet Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningAbout Freminet Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningMedia:VO_Sigewinne About Freminet.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Freminet.ogg He made a point of coming to thank me after he recovered — what a lovely boy. He speaks so quietly, though... He probably doesn't go out of his way to talk to other people much. But I could tell that he has a rich and detailed inner world, because he looked so captivated as he was looking through some Melusines' paintings.
About Chiori Friendship Lv. 4About Chiori Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Sigewinne About Chiori.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Chiori.ogg Melusines have different bodies than human beings, so it's hard to find clothes that fit. Even for me — I never know what to do with my tail when I'm trying on human clothes... But luckily, Chiori offers a Melusine tailoring service, so now all my Melusine friends have the chance to wear the pretty clothes they love.
About Emilie Friendship Lv. 4About Emilie Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Sigewinne About Emilie.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_About_Emilie.ogg I always see Miss Emilie's perfumes being recommended in beauty magazines. So I've hatched a plan. The next time I take a vacation, I'm gonna cut my visit to the Palais Mermonia a little short, so I can take some time to go shopping in the Court of Fontaine. I'm gonna buy loads and loads of Emilie's perfumes to bring back and give to all the lovely little girls here, hee-hee.
More About Sigewinne: IMore About Sigewinne: IMedia:VO_Sigewinne More About Sigewinne - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_More_About_Sigewinne_-_01.ogg In my infirmary, I don't see criminals who deserve to suffer — I see patients who deserve a sickbed. Because whoever you are, you have to get healthy so you can serve your sentence and pay for your crimes, right?
More About Sigewinne: II Friendship Lv. 3 Cataclysm's QuickeningMore About Sigewinne: II Friendship Lv. 3 Cataclysm's QuickeningMedia:VO_Sigewinne More About Sigewinne - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_More_About_Sigewinne_-_02.ogg A lot of illnesses are things that build up over a long time, that's why it's so important to take good care of yourself day to day. Sadly, not a lot of people seem to understand that. Why do they force themselves to keep working in the production zone, when it's obvious that they're so tired they can barely keep their eyes open? I always sneak them some extra food, but beyond a point, if they aren't gonna do what's good for them and get some proper rest, they leave me with no choice. I have to resort to more extreme therapeutic measures, like my Tranquilizer Gun. *sigh* There's more to life than Credit Coupons... People need to learn to go easier on themselves.
More About Sigewinne: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Sigewinne: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Sigewinne More About Sigewinne - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_More_About_Sigewinne_-_03.ogg When work's not so busy, I invite Ottnit and Menthe to the infirmary for tea. Sometimes we talk about recent criminal cases, other times we discuss the latest skincare products recommended in the magazines, but most of the time we do painting together. We paint things that we find cute, turn them into stickers, and then give the stickers to people that we also think are cute. ...Oh, wait a moment, I have one here for you.
More About Sigewinne: IV Friendship Lv. 5 The Warmth of LiesMore About Sigewinne: IV Friendship Lv. 5 The Warmth of LiesMedia:VO_Sigewinne More About Sigewinne - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_More_About_Sigewinne_-_04.ogg Once upon a time in Fontaine, humans and Melusines didn't get along like they do today. Some people feared and hated us because they heard that we were born from the body of Elynas... Others didn't trust Monsieur Neuvillette, and by extension they didn't trust us Melusines either... And maybe some of them were just subconsciously wary of us because we looked different... Back then, it was really difficult to make human friends. So I really treasured that one little girl who knew I was a Melusine but was still willing to hold my little round hand...
More About Sigewinne: V Friendship Lv. 6 The Warmth of LiesMore About Sigewinne: V Friendship Lv. 6 The Warmth of LiesMedia:VO_Sigewinne More About Sigewinne - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_More_About_Sigewinne_-_05.ogg My teacher's golden rule was: "A doctor's duty is to treat whatever ailments they can." Doctors aren't gods, I know that — even the best doctors will come up against incurable diseases in their time. But that's okay. We Melusines have very long lives, so as long as I never stop studying medicine, the range of illnesses I can cure can only keep increasing, and the amount of suffering can only keep decreasing. I'll always follow my teacher's example, doing everything in my power to save the people I can reach... As long as it will help, and as long as I'm not harming anyone in the process, I'm willing to use any means necessary to treat my patients, whatever the risk to myself.
Sigewinne's HobbiesSigewinne's HobbiesMedia:VO_Sigewinne Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Hobbies.ogg Out of all the books I've ever read, The Meaning of Laughter is my favorite. Not only is it a fun read, it also helps me when I diagnose patients. Like, when someone comes out of the Pankration Ring and they're laughing with their mouth but the rest of their facial muscles are all contorted, it means that they're doing it to cover up the pain from taking a beating. If you ever meet someone doing that, you should subtly hint for them to come to me and get patched up. But remember, the subtlety is important. Otherwise, it takes away the meaning of their laughter, hehe.
Sigewinne's TroublesSigewinne's TroublesMedia:VO_Sigewinne Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Troubles.ogg How strange. My storage room is running out of space — soon, I won't be able to fit any more mechanical parts in there. I thought I was pretty good at storing things... Hmm, yeah, looks like I need to talk to the Duke some time about expanding the capacity.
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Sigewinne Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Favorite_Food.ogg There are so many good ingredients, all with their own nutritional benefits... And I found a great way to combine them all into one meal. Wanna try my special-edition nutritious shake?
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Sigewinne Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg Tea is great, but if you drink too much, it does your health more harm than good. *sigh* I've lost count of how many times I've told the Duke that...
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Sigewinne Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg I can tell you used lots of fresh ingredients... Mm, I wonder if I could blend this up and add it to a nutritious shake...
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Sigewinne Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg If Wolsey had a kitchen assistant like you, there'd be lots more tasty dishes to go 'round.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Sigewinne Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg You think I should eat more, huh? Thank you very much. Would you like to split it with me?
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Sigewinne Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Birthday.ogg Happy Birthday! From what I've observed, you're always going from one place to the next. So, I made a special skincare set just for you that's portable and practical. Come on, lay down and close your eyes, I'll show you how to use it. First, I'm gonna apply a wet compress to your face — but you can just splash some water on there if you're ever in a hurry... Next, we squeeze out a small amount of foam cleanser, gently massaging it in with a circular motion, following the muscle, before rinsing and drying... And lastly, we apply some moisturizer with Tidalga extract... And, we're done! You look radiant, and now it's time for lovely little you to go and enjoy your special day to the fullest!
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Sigewinne Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg Your job today is to carry on being cute. But don't worry, I'll help.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Sigewinne Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg Yep, you saw it. Melusines give their tails a swish and a swoosh when they feel really satisfied. Thank you so, so much for everything you've given me.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Sigewinne Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg Oh wow... My Tranquilizer Gun feels much steadier in my hands now. I wanna see if I can shoot it with just one hand... Shall we go out for some target practice?
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Sigewinne Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg Maybe humans and Melusines see the world differently, but I've always believed that we share the same feelings of friendship. That's something that transcends race. Take my hand — can you feel that? It's the warmth straight from my heart.
Combat[]
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Sigewinne Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Hold still.Media:VO Sigewinne Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Let's see...Media:VO Sigewinne Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Calm down.Media:VO Sigewinne Elemental Skill 1 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Elemental_Skill_1_04.ogg Let's blow bubbles.Media:VO Sigewinne Elemental Skill 1 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Elemental_Skill_1_05.ogg Wibbly-wobbly~Media:VO Sigewinne Elemental Skill 1 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Elemental_Skill_1_06.ogg Floaty-woaty~Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Sigewinne Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg I swear, it's for medical research.Media:VO Sigewinne Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Don't be nervous! Just relax.Media:VO Sigewinne Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg You might feel a little prick.Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Sigewinne Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Don't slip and fall.Media:VO Sigewinne Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndSigewinne does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Sigewinne Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Sigewinne Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg Don't smile too much, or your face'll get tired.Media:VO Sigewinne Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg If there's any mechanical parts, could I have them please?Media:VO Sigewinne Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg A very nice treasure for a very lovely person.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Sigewinne Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Low_HP_01.ogg I can treat that...Media:VO Sigewinne Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Low_HP_02.ogg Time for a painkiller.Media:VO Sigewinne Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Low_HP_03.ogg I'll be fine...Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Sigewinne Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg It's time for some aggressive treatment...Media:VO Sigewinne Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Help is here!FallenFallenMedia:VO Sigewinne Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Fallen_01.ogg But my patients need me...Media:VO Sigewinne Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Fallen_02.ogg So cold... It hurts...Media:VO Sigewinne Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Fallen_03.ogg My wounds are incurable...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Sigewinne Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg No.Media:VO Sigewinne Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Sigewinne Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Now I'm mad!Media:VO Sigewinne Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg That wasn't very nice!Media:VO Sigewinne Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Sigewinne Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Joining_Party_01.ogg Anyone need a health checkup?Media:VO Sigewinne Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Joining_Party_02.ogg Anesthetics... check.Media:VO Sigewinne Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Joining_Party_03.ogg Excuse me~Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Media:VO Sigewinne Standby 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Standby_01.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Standby 02.oggFile:VO Sigewinne Standby 02.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Standby 03.oggFile:VO Sigewinne Standby 03.ogg Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Sigewinne Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Sigewinne Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Sigewinne Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Sigewinne Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Sigewinne Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Sigewinne Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Sigewinne Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Sigewinne_Jumping_05.ogg 
Navigation[]
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Sigewinne










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Sigewinne can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining her and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 Undersea Merusea's Luster
4.2 Full Force Forward in the Forbidden Fortress


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets[]
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Sigewinne has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsUndersea Merusea's Luster 20 1 20,000Full Force Forward in the Forbidden Fortress 20 2 20,000
Idle Quotes[]

 Make a milkshake...
 Health problems...
 Truly adorable!
 Potions...
 Skincare...
(When the player is nearby)
 You're back!
 In good spirits...

Dialogue[]

Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo hello 01.ogg Sigewinne: Oh, you're back! Hold still, I'm going to do a quick checkup... Extremities look fine, mental state appears sound...
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo hello 02.ogg Sigewinne: Yep... Looks like you've made it back unscathed! Good job!
 Do you like it here?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Sigewinne: Yes! This place is so bright and open — it's nothing like living underwater. Plus, the layout really reflects your personality. It feels novel but also comfortable.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Sigewinne: I took a look around. There doesn't seem to be a production zone, and no one's busying themselves earning Credit Coupons... It's the sort of place where you can relax your mind and body.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Sigewinne: But I guess that means nutritious meals aren't an imperative around here... Hmm, I'll just have to find some other way to look after everyone's health, then.
 You don't need to worry about work here.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg Sigewinne: Hehe, it's no problem. It doesn't feel like work, anyway. You could say it's more of a hobby or a passion... Maybe a bit of both!
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg Sigewinne: Let's see... How many years has it been...? Well, I might not know how long I've been working, but I do know I've enjoyed every second of it！
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 04a 3.ogg Sigewinne: Of course, an empty infirmary makes me happier still, because that means everyone is healthy!
 "S—Some other way"?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg Sigewinne: Yep! You don't need to worry, though. Figuring out what that method should be is my job!
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 04b 2.ogg Sigewinne: I'll be sure not to cause any trouble. You won't even notice anything!
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Sigewinne: Oh, that reminds me, my medicine kit is almost empty!
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Sigewinne: Would you mind purchasing some ingredients for me the next time you're out? Here's the list.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Sigewinne: Oh, and here's some Mora, too. Tell me if it wasn't enough, okay? I'll be sure to make up the difference.
 There's no need to exchange Mora between us.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Sigewinne: Huh...? Oh, I see... We'll use Credit Coupons, then!
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Sigewinne: Sure! I love talking to people!
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Sigewinne: We Melusines are extra perceptive, I can generally tell where a patient is hurting just by observing them and asking a few questions.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Sigewinne: But if you want to get to the root of the problem, a few simple questions alone won't do.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Sigewinne: Chatting with a patient about their interests, hobbies, lifestyle, even their feelings... can be much more beneficial to figuring out the best way to treat them.
 You're a great nurse!
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05a 1.ogg Sigewinne: You think so? I'm happy to hear that.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05a 2.ogg Sigewinne: I often get such compliments from everyone at the Fortress of Meropide as well. You all are so cute!
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05a 3.ogg Sigewinne: Humanity's trust is very important to me. It's what gives people the confidence to place their health in my care.
 Are there ever people who don't cooperate?
 I'm sure everyone enjoys talking to you.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05b 1.ogg Sigewinne: Hmm. I've heard that many people develop a fear of doctors and nurses at a young age or react strongly to the smell of certain medicines.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05b 2.ogg Sigewinne: Luckily, people usually don't have any reservations about coming to the infirmary over in the Fortress.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 05b 3.ogg Sigewinne: Most of my patients are very cooperative and will answer all my questions.
 Are there ever people who don't cooperate?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Sigewinne: Of course. After all... Everyone has their little secrets. It's normal for someone to have things they aren't willing to share.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Sigewinne: Not too long ago, I had a patient who'd always come to the infirmary with injured fingers. Every time, he would argue that all he needed were some bandages and painkillers, and he'd be on his way.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Sigewinne: But one glance was all I needed to tell exactly what he was hiding.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Sigewinne: His finger injuries weren't any real concern. His extreme mental fatigue and lack of focus, however, were. I could see that he was at his limit.
 So what did you do?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Sigewinne: It was quite tricky. After all, I could only help him if he opened up to me.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg Sigewinne: "Oh my, look at this hand... *sigh* It won't be long before..."
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg Sigewinne: Maybe what I said scared him, because he then waited for the other patients to leave the infirmary, before immediately telling me the truth.
 You hornswoggled him...
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg Sigewinne: Oh, no, not at all. What I meant to say was, "It won't be long before you make a full recovery." I just didn't finish my sentence.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg Sigewinne: As it turned out, his roommate had finished his prison sentence, leaving him alone in the dormitory. Being afraid of the dark, he couldn't sleep at night, leading to extreme fatigue and frequent work accidents.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg Sigewinne: He was afraid people would make fun of his phobia, especially considering his formidable appearance, so he was too embarrassed to tell anyone.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg Sigewinne: But, it turned out alright in the end. I took him to fill out a dormitory transfer request with Ms. Monglane, and the problem was solved.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg Sigewinne: That experience taught me a lot about the extent to which some choose to keep up appearances even at the cost of their health.
 That's true...
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 18.ogg Sigewinne: Well, what about you? Do you have any secrets you find difficult to share?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship2 19.ogg Sigewinne: If you want to avoid certain health issues in the future, you might consider talking about them. In any case, I'm always here if you want to talk.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Anything you want to do?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Sigewinne: Ah, looks like you've got some free time right now too!
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Sigewinne: Want to try my new skincare product? It's a face cream.
 Does it reverse aging?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 03a 1.ogg Sigewinne: As far as I know, no product now on the market can accomplish that.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 03a 2.ogg Sigewinne: If someone tries to sell you a product like that, I'd suggest reporting them to the Gardes. I imagine a trip to the Fortress of Meropide will be added to their itinerary.
 Can it keep me youthful?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 03b 1.ogg Sigewinne: If you think of your appearance at any given moment as a photo you want to put on display, then skincare would be the photo frame.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 03b 2.ogg Sigewinne: It protects the picture, enhances its appearance, and gives it a unique touch.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 03b 3.ogg Sigewinne: But a frame that covers up the picture would defeat the purpose, right? That would be such a pity.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Sigewinne: Anyway, it's best not to have unrealistic expectations when it comes to skincare products. I think humans look cute no matter what!
 What sort of appearance would you consider most beautiful?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Sigewinne: Sorry, but I'm not sure I can answer that question. I don't place humans in one category or the other. I think everyone has a unique charm.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Sigewinne: Plus, no one has the right to comment on someone else's appearance or compare them to others.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Sigewinne: Even the Iudex himself doesn't have the right to pass such judgment. Not that he would do that anyway, though.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Sigewinne: Most of the letters I receive in Beautes en fleurs are from people lamenting their looks or searching for ways to improve how they look.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Sigewinne: *sigh* Sometimes I just don't understand why humans are so hard on themselves.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Sigewinne: I share beauty tips to teach people how to appreciate the appearance they already have. By learning how to look after their skin, they can also learn to love themselves.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg Sigewinne: That includes you... It's good to care about how you look. But first, you have to recognize how cute you already are!
 Inspiring stuff!
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 12a.ogg Sigewinne: Hehe. Glad I could help.
 That's right! I'm super cute!
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 12b.ogg Sigewinne: That's the spirit, hehe!
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg Sigewinne: Anyway... Let's get to testing that product, shall we?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg Sigewinne: I can't wait to see how you look covered in purple face cream!
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Good morning, Sigewinne.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo morning 01.ogg Sigewinne: Morning! Oh dear, look at those dark circles...
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo morning 02.ogg Sigewinne: Let me get a Tidalga compress on your eyes before you go out today. Don't worry, it'll be nice and cool.
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Sigewinne.
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo night 01.ogg Sigewinne: Ah, are you going to bed? Mind if I stand next to you and keep track of your sleep data?
Media:vo sigewinne mimitomo night 02.ogg Sigewinne: Don't worry. I'll only monitor your breathing and body temperature, and I'll ignore anything you say in your sleep. You won't even know I'm there.

Special Dialogue[]
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

Undersea Merusea's Luster[]

Media:vo mimitomo fd sigewinne meruseavillage 01.ogg Sigewinne: Wow, this brings back memories! No matter how much time passes, this warm atmosphere always puts me at ease...
Media:vo mimitomo fd sigewinne meruseavillage 02.ogg Sigewinne: Ah, I really miss the taste of Poissonchant Pie. Why don't you head inside and take a seat? I'll prepare the ingredients, and we'll be eating in no time!
Media:vo mimitomo fd sigewinne meruseavillage 03.ogg Sigewinne: Remember to crouch a little when you go inside. I don't want you to bump your head.

Full Force Forward in the Forbidden Fortress[]

Media:vo mimitomo fd sigewinne businessdistrict 01.ogg Sigewinne: Aha, where there's fighting, there's accidents. Looks like my services could really be of use here.
Media:vo mimitomo fd sigewinne businessdistrict 02.ogg Sigewinne: That way, you won't need to relocate the injured. I'll just treat them here.
Media:vo mimitomo fd sigewinne businessdistrict 03.ogg Sigewinne: In the meantime, I'll sit back and admire the lithe human musculature and twisted facial expressions, hehe.

Change History[]
Released in Version 4.7[Create New History]
Navigation[]
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






