The Raiden Shogun is comprised of two beings in one body: Ei, the current Electro Archon of Inazuma; and the Shogun, the puppet created by Ei to act as the ruler of Inazuma in her stead.





Narukami's Law





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Raiden Shogun


De­scrip­tion
The Raiden Shogun's outfit. This kimono has been adorned with the Electro Mitsudomoe, granting it the highest honor in the land.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


Narukami's Law is Raiden Shogun's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance

1.1 Glowing Ornaments
1.2 Projection of Elemental Symbol


2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
The Raiden Shogun's long violet hair is braided. At the right side of her head is an ōgi-bira kanzashi (fan-shaped hairpiece) which appears to have belonged to Ei's twin sister, Makoto; it is adorned with two pale violet flowers that resemble balloon flowers.
Her outfit consists of a shear dark purple bodysuit under an extremely short lavender kimono. The sleeves of her bodysuit completely cover her arms and terminate at golden rings on her middle fingers, partly cover her palms and the tops of her hands. The back and sleeves of her kimono are decorated with tomoe, flower, and wave patterns in shades of purple and gold. Her kimono is fastened with a crimson obi tied into a bow at her back. She wears dark purple thigh-high stockings with small diamond openings at the top and high-heeled sandals; her right ankle is adorned with two of the same flowers in her hair and on her kimono. Her nails are painted purple. A small red ribbon sits at her neck over her bodysuit, which covers her neck and shoulders but leaves open a window for her chest and upper back. There are also three objects on her outfit with the Electro symbol: a black pauldron on her left shoulder, a tasseled ornament at the front of her obi, and a fan-like ornament on her obi’s bow.

Glowing Ornaments[]
While wearing  Narukami's Law, when the Raiden Shogun's Elemental Burst is ready, the three objects on her outfit with the Electro symbol on them will glow the way other characters' non-Vision gems glow along with their Visions. 

Projection of Elemental Symbol[]
When switching to the Raiden Shogun when her Elemental Burst is ready, the projected elemental symbol that is typically seen over other characters' Visions is not seen anywhere while wearing  Narukami's Law.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Raiden Shogun 1.mp4      Media:Idle Raiden Shogun 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Raiden Shogun.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Raiden Shogun.mp4      Media:Party Setup Raiden Shogun.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishNarukami's Law—Chinese(Simplified)御建鸣神主尊之典Yù Jiàn Míngshén Zhǔzūn zhī DiǎnChinese(Traditional)御建鳴神主尊之典Yù Jiàn Míngshén Zhǔzūn zhī DiǎnJapanese御建鳴神主尊の典Mitake Narukami Nushi no Mikoto no TenCelebration of the Great Narukami LordKorean위대하신 나루카미 쇼군의 의식Widaehasin Narukami Syogune UisikCeremony of the Greatest Narukami ShogunSpanishLey de NarukamiLaw of NarukamiFrenchLoi de NarukamiLaw of NarukamiRussianЦеремония Наруками ОгосёTseremoniya Narukami OgosyoThe Narukami Ogosho's CeremonyThaiกฎแห่ง NarukamiKot haeng NarukamiLaw of NarukamiVietnameseLễ Phục Tôn Chủ Narukami Ogosho Đại NhânCeremonial Dress of Lord Narukami OgoshoGermanGesetze von NarukamiLaws of NarukamiIndonesianNarukami's Law—PortugueseLei de NarukamiLaw of NarukamiTurkishNarukami'nin KanunuNarukami's LawItalianLegge di NarukamiLaw of Narukami
Change History[]
Released in Version 2.1[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
The Raiden Shogun is the awesome and terrible power of thunder incarnate, the exalted ruler of the Inazuma Shogunate.
With the might of lightning at her disposal, she commits herself to the solitary pursuit of eternity.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction

3.1 Eschew the Ephemeral World. Abide in Unchanging Eternity.


4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Musou Isshin
4.8 Gnosis


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 Raiden Shogun

7.1.1 Archon Quests
7.1.2 Story Quests
7.1.3 Web Events


7.2 Ei

7.2.1 Archon Quests
7.2.2 Story Quests
7.2.3 Events




8 Character Trials

8.1 Quests
8.2 Quest Domains
8.3 Events
8.4 Test Run Events


9 Character Mentions

9.1 Character Stories
9.2 Character Voice-Overs
9.3 Mails


10 Mail
11 Trivia

11.1 Etymology
11.2 Haiku & Waka
11.3 Other Poetry


12 Notes
13 Other Languages

13.1 Character Title: Plane of Euthymia


14 References
15 Navigation


Personality
Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, who promised the people of Inazuma an unchanging Eternity.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
The Raiden Shogun is a firm believer of what she believes to be eternity — a place in which everything is kept the same, regardless of what goes on. She is honorable in her conduct and is revered by the people of Inazuma.
The Raiden Shogun exists in two forms — Ei, her true identity, and the Shogun, a puppet created by Ei to oversee Inazuma in her stead while she meditates in the Plane of Euthymia. This puppet follows a set of directives programmed into her, which are extremely difficult to modify. The Shogun is cold and stern in personality, even callous at times; she is limited in emotional expression, has no likes and dislikes, and has no need for recreation.[2] The Shogun thinks of herself as Ei's assistant[3] and carries out her creator's exact will, unable to act on her own volition. If her usual functions are disabled, the Shogun becomes ineffectual. Due to limited protocols as a result of Ei's initial indifference towards anything other than "eternity", the puppet is able to be manipulated by external influences. For example, the Kujou Clan and Fatui persuaded her into initiating and maintaining the Vision Hunt Decree.
While Ei has a more stern demeanor than the average person, she is notably more emotive and sociable than the Shogun. Unlike the Shogun, Ei has preferences, such as a love for sweets and passion of martial arts. Due to her dedication to eternity, Ei maintains a wary attitude on the idea of change. However, she demonstrates curiosity rather than disdain towards new affairs, such as the appearance of the Traveler[4] and the customs of the modern world.[2] Due to having lost many of her loved ones over the centuries, Ei is driven by a fear of further loss, wanting to preserve Inazuma. To this end, she previously sealed herself in the Plane of Euthymia to keep herself from the effects of erosion. She created the puppet Shogun to ensure immunity from the decay of her physical body.[4] While in the Plane of Euthymia, Ei was indifferent to anything that did not affect her pursuit of eternity and had a low opinion of human ambition due to it resulting in loss and suffering. Thus, making it incompatible with eternity.[5] While in the Plane of Euthymia, she was not unmoved by loneliness, as Ei is shown enjoying Yae Miko[5] and the Traveler's company.
In spite of her flawed actions, Ei is devoted to Inazuma, simply longing to protect it and her people. After she is convinced that her actions were destructive, Ei shows remorse and is willing to change her perspective regarding eternity to become a better ruler. She also gained a newfound respect for the idea of human ambition and its achievements.

Appearance
See also: Narukami's Law
The Raiden Shogun uses the tall female model. She has pale skin, purple eyes with light blue pupils, and long, dark violet hair that becomes lighter at the ends, which glow when she uses her Elemental Skill or her Elemental Burst. She also has a beauty mark below her right eye.

Official Introduction
Eschew the Ephemeral World. Abide in Unchanging Eternity.
Her Excellency seeks to rid herself of the mundane delusions of the world, but only in an attempt to overcome the cycle of life and death. No one truly understands her, yet she does not deign to make herself understood... Her Excellency the Shogun is simply full of contradictions.—Kitsune Saiguu
The undisputed supreme ruler of Inazuma.
Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, promised the people of Inazuma an unchanging eternity to last throughout the ages.
After purging all sentiment with merciless lightning, the solitude of her mind became a secluded space free from mortal joys and woes...
Over the long years, the road to eternity has been dark and desolate, but Her Excellency the Shogun has never wavered, not even for a moment.
For true unchanging eternity is found only in the stillness that manifests itself when all noise is stripped away.

Character Stories
Character Details
Since the dawn of life, humankind has always borne an intense yearning for and curiosity about the world. This is the anchor point of their cognition and is the foundation of all reason.The world of the people of Inazuma is also thus. There, thunder, lightning, wind, and rain were primordial facts of life, as well as light, and the sea... and the Raiden Shogun.Babes nestling in their mothers' arms hear tales of the Shogun's slaying of many gods and conquering of other races.When young men and women roam the islands, they see the gorge split asunder by a blade of lightning and the pale, still-standing bones of the giant snake.Soldiers take to the battlefield with "glory to the Shogun and her everlasting reign!" upon their lips.The people work in contentment and peace, knowing that the Shogun and her loyal Tri-Commission are there.The great name of the Raiden Shogun has long shaken off the shackles of mere life, becoming the eternal traditional belief of Inazuma.People trust in this great name and its might, believing that their descendants shall witness the same sights, that the same faith will form the foundations of their inner worlds, and that this will pass on from generation to generation.This is the eternal paradise that the Almighty Shogun promised her people.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2  •  Omnipresence Over Mortals
The true name of the Raiden Shogun is "Raiden Ei."In her long road, she has witnessed the price that Inazuma has had to pay for progress over the hundreds and thousands of years.The happiest years of her life had passed her by, and those she once considered friends became her foes. In the end, she even lost the reason for which she had wielded her sword."Where there is progress, there must be loss."Ei believed that this was the iron-clad rule of the world, with time as its merciless enforcer.The greatest and most prosperous nation of men collapsed overnight, and even that most ancient Liyue Harbor would say farewell to its Geo Archon. The winds of parting came whistling in from the outer edge of time.However resounding the Raiden Shogun's name, centuries later, millennia later... Someday, Inazuma would lose the protection of its deity.As a warrior, she was wary of all foes. Even if that enemy was a crisis as intangible as time's passage, she had to find a countermeasure, a weapon she could use to defeat it in time.Her answer? "Eternity." Only Eternity could freeze all things under the sky, make Inazuma truly deathless."Then, while things are still good, let us have stillness... Let us march towards Eternity."Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3  •  Omnipresence Over Mortals
For beings with a perishable form of flesh to pursue Eternity, they must first solve the unavoidable problem of lifespan.This limited time troubled Ei greatly, until one day when a mysterious technique came before her eyes as if by a stroke of fate.Using such techniques, one could create intricate puppets indistinguishable from true life.In theory, this puppet could perfectly imitate everything about Ei. It could surpass the limits of her lifespan and defend Inazuma forever. Yet, how could creating a copy of an Archon be a simple affair?Ei conducted countless experiments to this effect, discarded a great many failed products, and spent an unimaginable amount of time and resources—But at last, by her dogged pursuit and warrior's spirit, she was able to create a flawless puppet.The newborn Raiden Shogun sat there silently, listening to Ei speak all about her, "her," and even about them. The future of Inazuma was here, inscribed upon a gorgeous blueprint.The automaton had but one question to ask Ei: "There is no turning back from forsaking your form. Do you regret nothing?""Your existence is my answer."Then, Ei transferred her consciousness into her blade, and thus was born the Plane of Euthymia.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4  •  Omnipresence Over Mortals
Before Raiden Ei became the Shogun, she was a samurai responsible for seeing that the previous Shogun's orders were carried out.The previous Electro Archon, Raiden Makoto, was no great fighter, and the things Ei had charge over were mostly matters of warfare and slaughter. However, Ei also had moments of repose away from battle, sitting with her friends under the sakura trees and playing karuta.Due to her character, Ei was always the most wooden player. She was never the final victor, nor did she ever have a taste of the prizes that the Kitsune Saiguu reserved for the winners.Thus, she poured the effort that she put into swordsmanship into karuta practice, often pestering Makoto or Mikoshi Chiyo to karuta matches, or spending much time by moonlight reading the poetry inscribed on the cards out loud.At last, the day came that under the sakura trees, Ei would defeat opponent after opponent. Even the mighty tengu would be felled after a hard-fought battle, and thus was she crowned the champion.Ei let out a victorious whoop at her victory, only to be greeted by the sounds of her friends' laughter. Only then did she realize that she had lost her usual composure entirely, before snapping both arms back down and reverting to her usual cool facade. Of course, her friends did not intend to make sport of her. Indeed, they understood her character and the manner in which she had worked ever so hard to come out on top.As for the Kitsune Saiguu, oh, how amused she looked as she presented Ei with some pastries."I said it was a reward, yes, but it was simply some hand-made cakes of mine. I didn't think that you would be so concerned about it, Ei. Well then, enjoy the spoils of your victory to your heart's content."Ei was hardly one to be greedy for snacks. But as a samurai, she firmly believed that what she lost must be reclaimed. These pastries were more akin to a vindication of her desire to win.—But it was not long before that cool demeanor of hers broke into a smile again. The cakes were lovely — just like the taste of victory. As for her clumsy attempts to hide that smile, one could only say that it was an entertaining sight all around for her friends.To this day, Ei still often remembers that sakura tree....Even though she has not gone to see it in a long time, and even though no one sits under it anymore, she wishes that time might stop forever.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5  •  Omnipresence Over Mortals
Ei still remembers the way in which Makoto greatly loved the scenery of Inazuma, its cuisine, and the stories of its people — and how she loved telling Ei all about it.Though they both understood the concept of erosion well, Makoto was unlike Ei, who worried about the future more often. Instead, Makoto's energies were focused on the present."It is precisely because we know that this scene is but a fleeting shadow that we should enjoy it all the more."Then, Ei could only smile wryly, realizing that she, the kagemusha, was even more old-fashioned than the real Raiden Shogun. She thought to herself that she must learn to be more leisurely, just like Makoto.Yet the times changed all too quickly, all but catching Ei off guard. Before she knew it, her hands already held the blade that the dying Raiden Makoto had passed on to her.This day, the kagemusha was now the true Raiden Shogun.And it was on this day that Ei truly felt the agony of erosion.As time marched forward inexorably, even this blade, this sakura... All life on Inazuma would fade before her eyes.This was the foundation of Inazuma, and it was the thing that the Raiden Shogun must defend."If you look at it this way, thinking ahead is not meaningless, nor is it vain arrogance."Having resolved herself, her life exceeded its mortal shell, and eternity descended upon the mortal plane.Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6  •  Reflections of Mortality
One night, Raiden Ei entered a beautiful dreamscape while meditating.Here, there was nothing left between heaven and earth but her, and a "her" that was akin to looking into a mirror.The automaton's voice flowed into her ears like a sigh: "the eternity you resolved to establish in your heart has been shaken by the countless wishes of the people. Thus, you have become my enemy."Back when she was creating the puppet, Ei had considered all the hidden risks involved.She believed that anything was possible — including the worst-case scenario... in which she too would someday become a threat to Eternity.But she had to press on. She had to reach Eternity. This, she would not permit to be stayed by any outside force.The puppet's words were something that she had asked herself long ago:"You believe that you are more firmly convicted now than you were yesterday, and that is why you are presently correct. Is that so?""Do you presently have some new ideas, or have you, too, fallen victim to inexorable 'erosion'?"Their faces were the same, but they spoke of different ideals. The battle with herself, with her past, would come someday.But it was not this day. Ei knew well that she was not yet ready.Her heart was clear, and she would have remained in that state, but hearing the cries of her people, she had to command her feet to stop.The sky above the mirror was no longer empty, and all about the silent halls, she heard the cry of crows. Dawn was coming. The samurai must take up her sword.This dream was ever so real, and it, too, passed like a shadow.Musou Isshin Friendship Lv. 4  •  Omnipresence Over Mortals
A sword that, once passed on, has accompanied Ei to this day.This sword has had two wielders, and has witnessed both time and eternity.It was born from Raiden Makoto's divine might, but it was never once sharpened. It took after its owner, of course, for Makoto was not one for battle. It was but a symbol, a sign of true peace.The day Makoto passed on, it was given into Ei's hands. The sword was stained with blood, then, and as the blade drew its first taste of crimson, the dripping ichor was blown aside by wild winds and blazing thunder.Makoto gave it the name Musou Isshin, and desired to have it witness an Inazuma as lovely as a dream and the noble hearts that dwell in this world.Ei did not change its name. For she, too, had looked out over that vast scene of beauty, and the sight of it had engendered a stronger, purer dream in her own heart.The aesthetic of lightning is precisely to capture that which is precious amidst fleeting transience.Gnosis Friendship Lv. 6  •  Omnipresence Over Mortals
Before she came to dwell in the Plane of Euthymia permanently, Ei was troubled for a time concerning where she might store her Gnosis.She no longer had any need of it, but such an important item could not simply be placed anywhere. She had initially intended to have it modified into a energy supply device, but no matter what she did, her techniques had no effect on the Gnosis at all.And that was when she thought of someone: the cunning and clever Yae Miko. She was not precisely someone to be trusted, but she was in many ways also Ei's best choice.Upon hearing this request, Miko could not help but joke: "Aren't you afraid that I might just sell this off?""You understand the value of a Gnosis. Even if you sold it, I trust that you would have exchanged it for something of equal value, and that is no easy price to pay."With someone of Yae Miko's character, it would be no surprise if she ever sold the Gnosis, yes, but she would not allow herself to lose out in any such exchange.Such, then, was the tacit agreement between the two old friends. Yae Miko understood Ei's intent and took the precious Gnosis with a smile."Well, this is your idea, not mine. Don't end up regretting this, now."
Namecard


Raiden Shogun: Enlighten­ment




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with the Raiden ShogunDescription:Not simply Ei, and not merely the Raiden Shogun. Observe yourself also with one stormy eye, and you will someday reach a breakthrough.

Constellation
Imperatrix UmbrosaStory Chapter:Imperatrix UmbrosaMeaning:Shadow Empress 
Quests and Events
Raiden Shogun
Archon QuestsChapter IIPrologue: Autumn Winds, Scarlet LeavesFollow the Wind (cinematic)Act II: Stillness, the Sublimation of ShadowAmidst Stormy JudgmentAct III: Omnipresence Over MortalsDuel Before the ThroneStory QuestsImperatrix Umbrosa Chapter (Raiden Shogun)Act I: Reflections of MortalityThe Lonesome EuthymiaAct II: Transient DreamsFarewell to the PastRadiant SakuraWeb EventsSide by Side We VentureAn Unforgettable JourneyTaking Pictures and Recounting Good TimesCanvas of Starlight MemoriesDiscover Teyvat
Ei
Archon QuestsChapter IIAct II: Stillness, the Sublimation of ShadowAmidst Stormy JudgmentAct III: Omnipresence Over MortalsThe Omnipresent GodChapter IIIAct III: Dreams, Emptiness, DeceptionThe Gaze From a Certain GodStory QuestsImperatrix Umbrosa Chapter (Raiden Shogun)Act I: Reflections of MortalityThe Lonesome EuthymiaTo Traverse the Mortal PlaneThe Fabric of ConstancyTo Hear Mortal HeartsAct II: Transient DreamsCleansing LightFarewell to the PastRadiant SakuraEventsHues of the Violet GardenFestival DeedsPart III: Buyer's Guide to the Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of ThunderAkitsu KimodameshiPart I: Test of CourageDuel! The Summoners' Summit!Round 3: Cards Out! Grievances BegoneIridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of AwesomenessGlorious Finale: ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!
Character Trials
QuestsCleansing Light in Raiden Shogun's Story Quest, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II - Transient DreamsFarewell to the Past in Raiden Shogun's Story Quest, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II - Transient DreamsQuest DomainsHidden Mountain Base — To Hear Mortal Hearts in Raiden Shogun's Story Quest, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act I - Reflections of MortalityEnd of the Oneiric Euthymia — Farewell to the Past in Raiden Shogun's Story Quest, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act II - Transient DreamsEventsMisty Dungeon: Realm of LightVibro-Crystal ResearchPerilous TrailTablet AnalyticsSecond BloomingVibro-Crystal VerificationBrewing DevelopmentsDivine Ingenuity: Collector's ChapterPurgation CounterstrikeTriumphant FrenzyThe Great Fayz Reaction DebateEndless Forms Most MartialTest Run EventsRaiden Shogun, Kujou Sara, Sucrose — 2021-09-01Raiden Shogun, Sangonomiya Kokomi, Bennett, Xinyan, Kujou Sara — 2022-03-08Raiden Shogun, Kamisato Ayato, Rosaria, Sayu, Kujou Sara — 2022-12-27Raiden Shogun, Yoimiya, Chevreuse, Kujou Sara, Bennett — 2024-01-09
Character Mentions
See also: Ei § Character Mentions, and The Shogun § Character Mentions
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesArataki IttoCharacter Story 1ChioriCharacter Story 2Kaedehara KazuhaCharacter Story 4Kamisato AyakaCharacter Story 1Kamisato AyatoCharacter DetailsCharacter Story 2Character Story 5Kujou SaraCharacter Story 1Character Story 5Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of ThunderVisionSangonomiya KokomiCharacter DetailsShikanoin HeizouCharacter Story 5WandererCharacter Story 2Character Story 4Character Story 5Yae MikoCharacter Story 2Character Story 5YoimiyaCharacter Story 1Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversArataki IttoWhen Thunder Strikes Media:VO_Arataki Itto When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO ZH_Arataki Itto When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO JA_Arataki Itto When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO KO_Arataki Itto When Thunder Strikes.ogg Hey! Raiden Shogun, is that you? Well guess what — you're not the boss of me. Uh-huh, that's right, you heard me! Go ahead, strike me down!About the Raiden Shogun Media:VO_Arataki Itto About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Arataki Itto About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO JA_Arataki Itto About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO KO_Arataki Itto About the Raiden Shogun.ogg During the Vision Hunt Decree, the Shogun had to send her top tengu in person to get my Vision off me. Heh, means she must have found me to be quite the pain in the neck. But, y'know, she's abolished the Vision Hunt Decree now, so no hard feelings, I guess. As long as she's learned her lesson, of course. 'Cause if she pulls something like that again, this old pain in the neck will be back with a vengeance.BeidouAbout Kaedehara Kazuha Media:VO_Beidou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Beidou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Beidou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Beidou About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Kazuha? That scallywag actually blocked a strike from the Raiden Shogun outside Tenshukaku! Easier said than done... After the battle he came to the Crux Fleet — said he'd voyage with us a while longer. I was more than happy to oblige. If the day comes when he decides to set off again by himself on the next stage of his journey, I'll send him off with a drink, haha...GorouAbout the Raiden Shogun Media:VO_Gorou About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Gorou About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO JA_Gorou About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO KO_Gorou About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Grr, the Raiden Shogun... I could never bring myself to accept her past actions, no matter what her reasoning may have been. Though a peace treaty has been signed between Watatsumi Island and the Shogunate, I refuse to let my guard down. If conflict ever breaks out again, I will resume my place back on the front line.More About Gorou: III Media:VO_Gorou More About Gorou - 03.ogg Media:VO ZH_Gorou More About Gorou - 03.ogg Media:VO JA_Gorou More About Gorou - 03.ogg Media:VO KO_Gorou More About Gorou - 03.ogg At first, our only enemies were roaming bandits, pirates, and monsters. But then, everything changed when the Raiden Shogun enacted the Vision Hunt Decree. The Shogun's Army marched up expecting to put us in our place, but we were ready for them, and we hit them hard. Hehe, I bet they never expected to meet such fierce resistance.Kaedehara KazuhaAbout the Raiden Shogun Media:VO_Kaedehara Kazuha About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kaedehara Kazuha About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO JA_Kaedehara Kazuha About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO KO_Kaedehara Kazuha About the Raiden Shogun.ogg I've asked myself this question many times since leaving Inazuma. Do I simply resent the Raiden Shogun because of what happened in that duel? Because of the lethal stroke she dealt my dear friend? I've thought about this a good long time, and I believe the answer is no. My friend died an honorable death in that duel, and the Shogun was not unjustified in her conduct. My dissatisfaction with her has its roots in the Vision Hunt Decree. No one has the right to rob another of their hopes and dreams — not even a god.Kamisato AyakaWhen Thunder Strikes Media:VO_Kamisato Ayaka When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kamisato Ayaka When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO JA_Kamisato Ayaka When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO KO_Kamisato Ayaka When Thunder Strikes.ogg Her Excellency... What is she trying to communicate?About the Raiden Shogun: Guesswork Media:VO_Kamisato Ayaka About the Raiden Shogun - Guesswork.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kamisato Ayaka About the Raiden Shogun - Guesswork.ogg Media:VO JA_Kamisato Ayaka About the Raiden Shogun - Guesswork.ogg Media:VO KO_Kamisato Ayaka About the Raiden Shogun - Guesswork.ogg The Almighty Shogun? It would be improper of me to comment, given that I am one of her subjects. All I will say is that... I think that Her Excellency must get lonely on the road to eternity.About the Raiden Shogun: Standpoint Media:VO_Kamisato Ayaka About the Raiden Shogun - Standpoint.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kamisato Ayaka About the Raiden Shogun - Standpoint.ogg Media:VO JA_Kamisato Ayaka About the Raiden Shogun - Standpoint.ogg Media:VO KO_Kamisato Ayaka About the Raiden Shogun - Standpoint.ogg To witness the Musou no Hitotachi and live to tell the tale is quite a remarkable feat. Even though I recognize her as our true deity with the power to change Inazuma's fate at will, if there is conflict between the two of you, then... I shall choose to side with you.More About Kamisato Ayaka: III Media:VO_Kamisato Ayaka More About Kamisato Ayaka - 03.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kamisato Ayaka More About Kamisato Ayaka - 03.ogg Media:VO JA_Kamisato Ayaka More About Kamisato Ayaka - 03.ogg Media:VO KO_Kamisato Ayaka More About Kamisato Ayaka - 03.ogg The art of blade forging taught by the Shogun varies based on astrology, application, materials used, the furnace conditions, individual personalities, and elemental changes. These differences between smiths is what gave rise to the Raiden Gokaden. Swordsmiths capable of forging renowned blades are seen as spiritual personnel with sacred abilities, and as such they should be managed by the Yashiro Commission, which oversees all cultural, artistic, and ceremonial affairs. So naturally, the swordsmith's betrayal is the fault of ineffectual management by the Kamisato Clan.Kamisato AyatoWhen Thunder Strikes Media:VO_Kamisato Ayato When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kamisato Ayato When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO JA_Kamisato Ayato When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO KO_Kamisato Ayato When Thunder Strikes.ogg Ayaka was always scared of thunder as a child — until one day, mother told her that the sound of thunder is the voice of the Almighty Shogun. After that, she would start focusing intensely every time she heard the sound of thunder, as if by concentrating hard enough, she'd be able to hear exactly what Her Excellency was saying.About the Raiden Shogun Media:VO_Kamisato Ayato About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kamisato Ayato About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO JA_Kamisato Ayato About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO KO_Kamisato Ayato About the Raiden Shogun.ogg The cost of pursuing eternity has been great for the Almighty Shogun... and for all of Inazuma. These wounds will take time to heal, and as someone with a mediating role to play in the political process, I will be sure to fulfill that which is required of me.KiraraAbout the Raiden Shogun Media:VO_Kirara About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kirara About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO JA_Kirara About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO KO_Kirara About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Parcels sent to Tenshukaku are all packaged intricately with multiple layers of wrapping. Maybe that's what they call a package fit for the Almighty Shogun. Some of them smell really good... I wonder what's inside.Kujou SaraChat: Eternity Media:VO_Kujou Sara Chat - Eternity.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara Chat - Eternity.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara Chat - Eternity.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara Chat - Eternity.ogg To manifest Eternity per the Almighty Shogun's will — that is what I aspire to.When Thunder Strikes Media:VO_Kujou Sara When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara When Thunder Strikes.ogg Listen. Thunder speaks the will of the Almighty Shogun.About Kujou Sara: Tenryou Commission Media:VO_Kujou Sara About Kujou Sara - Tenryou Commission.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara About Kujou Sara - Tenryou Commission.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara About Kujou Sara - Tenryou Commission.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara About Kujou Sara - Tenryou Commission.ogg I am grateful to Takayuki. The Tenryou Commission is all I've ever had to rely on, and I will do everything within my power to defend my family's honor. Hmm? You want to know about the Tenryou Commission's code of conduct? Loyalty to the Raiden Shogun, of course! That is also my life's creed.About Kujou Sara: Aspiration Media:VO_Kujou Sara About Kujou Sara - Aspiration.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara About Kujou Sara - Aspiration.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara About Kujou Sara - Aspiration.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara About Kujou Sara - Aspiration.ogg My aspirations? I thought you already knew: To assist the Almighty Shogun in manifesting Eternity. That is what I aspire to. Hmm? Personal aspirations? It's not something I have ever thought about before...About Us: Observation Media:VO_Kujou Sara About Us - Observation.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara About Us - Observation.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara About Us - Observation.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara About Us - Observation.ogg Though you present an unstable factor in the Almighty Shogun's Eternity, unstable does not have to mean a threat. So I am not your enemy — but I will be watching you at all times.About the Vision Media:VO_Kujou Sara About the Vision.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara About the Vision.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara About the Vision.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara About the Vision.ogg Only if the gods cast their gaze upon you will you receive a Vision. Since my own Vision was granted by the Almighty Shogun, I shall return it to her in the end, without hesitation and with no regrets.Something to Share: Local Specialty Media:VO_Kujou Sara Something to Share - Local Specialty.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara Something to Share - Local Specialty.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara Something to Share - Local Specialty.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara Something to Share - Local Specialty.ogg Do you know what the most distinctively Inazuman item of all is? No, it is not a blade of any sort. It is a lacquerware carving of the Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder. They are hand-made by old and skilled lacquerware craftspeople, and nearly every single home in the city has one. My house, you ask? I have five.About the Raiden Shogun: Trust Media:VO_Kujou Sara About Raiden Shogun - Trust.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara About Raiden Shogun - Trust.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara About Raiden Shogun - Trust.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara About Raiden Shogun - Trust.ogg As I'm sure you've heard many times before, the Almighty Shogun seeks Eternity — an existence beyond the dominion of thought and longing. "Abandon mortal ties, strive for an unchanging Eternity"... The Almighty Shogun's manner is always resolute, and I do not always fully grasp the meaning of her words. But this is her decision, and I trust her.About the Raiden Shogun: Service Media:VO_Kujou Sara About Raiden Shogun - Service.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara About Raiden Shogun - Service.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara About Raiden Shogun - Service.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara About Raiden Shogun - Service.ogg So, the Vision Hunt Decree was repealed... Yes, it seems that you were right. ...Ahem, but this is not to say that the Almighty Shogun made a mistake. She has simply chosen to pursue eternity by a different route. I do not know whether the Shogun has finally found inner peace after protecting Inazuma over all these millennia. All I know is that however perilous the road ahead may become, I will follow her as I have always done.More About Kujou Sara: I Media:VO_Kujou Sara More About Kujou Sara - 01.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara More About Kujou Sara - 01.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara More About Kujou Sara - 01.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara More About Kujou Sara - 01.ogg You want to know more about me? ...Know what, exactly? I can't discuss Tenryou Commission business with you, that's strictly confidential, and I certainly can't divulge anything relating to the Almighty Shogun. What exactly are you trying to achieve? Hmm? Me on a personal level...? I suppose that's not out of the question, just... unprecedented.More About Kujou Sara: III Media:VO_Kujou Sara More About Kujou Sara - 03.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara More About Kujou Sara - 03.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara More About Kujou Sara - 03.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara More About Kujou Sara - 03.ogg The thing that gave me the most trouble when enforcing the Vision Hunt Decree was those officers of the Shogun's Army who would abuse their authority to be heavy-handed with those we detained. The will of the Almighty Shogun must be executed, but I do not condone violence against innocent people! I have expressly forbidden such behavior on countless occasions but judging by the outcome, it seems difficult to root out. If you have any ideas on how to tackle it, please share them with me.Birthday Media:VO_Kujou Sara Birthday.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara Birthday.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara Birthday.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara Birthday.ogg Excellent timing. I will dispense with the formalities and get straight to the point — do you have a birthday wish? Providing that it does not conflict with the Almighty Shogun's grand cause, I will make every effort to see it come to fruition. To show that I am being completely serious, I will allow you to make not one, but five birthday wishes.Feelings About Ascension: Climax Media:VO_Kujou Sara Feelings About Ascension -  03.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kujou Sara Feelings About Ascension -  03.ogg Media:VO JA_Kujou Sara Feelings About Ascension -  03.ogg Media:VO KO_Kujou Sara Feelings About Ascension -  03.ogg The Shogun's Army might as well just be me!Kuki ShinobuAbout the Raiden Shogun Media:VO_Kuki Shinobu About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kuki Shinobu About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO JA_Kuki Shinobu About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO KO_Kuki Shinobu About the Raiden Shogun.ogg After the Sakoku Decree was lifted, the Raiden Shogun issued many decrees aimed at supporting the development of various industries. All those certificates I received during the Sakoku Decree are coming in real handy now, and the gang is finally out of the red... Fate really does have its ways. Who would've thought after all that, I'd still have her to thank?Sangonomiya KokomiAbout Raiden Shogun Media:VO_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO JA_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO KO_Sangonomiya Kokomi About Raiden Shogun.ogg Now that the Vision Hunt Decree is over, Watatsumi Island has once again returned to normal life. It has never been my intent to scrutinize the rights and wrongs of the Shogun's actions, even to this day. What I do care about is the future of our island. It is my hope that the Shogun will fulfill her promise and that we can live with the Shogunate in peace. However, if there comes a day when she once again casts aside the aspirations of the people, I can assure you that we won't sit by and watch.SayuAbout the Raiden Shogun Media:VO_Sayu About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sayu About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO JA_Sayu About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO KO_Sayu About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Her Excellency? Definitely not someone I'd ever get to meet. If you've got questions, maybe Miss Ayaka's the person to ask.ThomaAbout the Raiden Shogun: Comparison Media:VO_Thoma About the Raiden Shogun - Comparison.ogg Media:VO ZH_Thoma About the Raiden Shogun - Comparison.ogg Media:VO JA_Thoma About the Raiden Shogun - Comparison.ogg Media:VO KO_Thoma About the Raiden Shogun - Comparison.ogg In my homeland of Mondstadt, almost everyone has great reverence for the Anemo Archon, Barbatos. But people in Inazuma feel a little differently toward the Shogun. How can I put this... They feel love, respect, gratitude... but also fear.About the Raiden Shogun: The Unknown Media:VO_Thoma About the Raiden Shogun - The Unknown.ogg Media:VO ZH_Thoma About the Raiden Shogun - The Unknown.ogg Media:VO JA_Thoma About the Raiden Shogun - The Unknown.ogg Media:VO KO_Thoma About the Raiden Shogun - The Unknown.ogg Honestly, I don't harbor any resentment toward the Shogun. Yes, she almost took my Vision away, but ultimately that's just because of her unique perspective. Everyone has their own perspective, there's nothing strange about that.The only thing I don't understand is her goal in doing so. What does she imagine eternity really looks like for Inazuma? And why is sacrificing her people's aspirations so necessary to achieve it? I can neither understand nor agree with her approach.TravelerAbout The Steambird... Media:VO_Aether About The Steambird.ogg Media:VO ZH_Aether About The Steambird.ogg Media:VO JA_Aether About The Steambird.ogg Media:VO KO_Aether About The Steambird.ogg Media:VO_Lumine About The Steambird.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lumine About The Steambird.ogg Media:VO JA_Lumine About The Steambird.ogg Media:VO KO_Lumine About The Steambird.ogg Paimon: The Steambird's head office is in Fontaine, right? Paimon wonders what stories make it into their newspapers.Paimon: Do you think they reported on our adventures with Dvalin? Or our duel with the Raiden Shogun? Oh, and everything that happened at the Akademiya!(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): I'm sure they cover just about everything that goes on. It's more a question of where it would appear — they probably have different sections reserved for different topics.Paimon: Ooh, well in that case, we must make it onto the front page all the time! Surely that's where all the most exciting stories go.(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): Hmm... I'm not so sure. We might've made front-page news once or twice, I guess. But I wouldn't be surprised if the headlines focus mostly on hit new operas or well-known actors.(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): You know, stuff like, "Actor X Spotted Drinking Coffee on Street," "Actor Y Goes Public About New Relationship," or "Actor Z to Retire From Performing."Paimon: Why would they fill the best page with stuff like that? It's completely pointless.(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): Well... trivial, maybe, but not pointless. Those are the stories that grab people's attention and convince them to buy the paper to get all the details.Paimon: *sigh* ...Fine. Well... Maybe we'll be on the first few pages then? Surely, they've gotta put some real news in there. And it's gotta be interesting enough to keep people reading after they've gotten their dose of celebrity gossip. Right?(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): The first few pages cover positive local news stories in the Court of Fontaine. Things like food and commodity prices going down, or progress updates on the aquabus expansions.(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): They put these reports at the most prominent locations inside the newspaper. The point of them is mostly just to kill time.(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): What goes on at the Akademiya might be important, but it doesn't directly impact the lives of people in Fontaine.Paimon: Huh... So, where would they put our stories then?(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): I'd guess on the very back page, after everything else.Paimon: Aww... Why so far back!?(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): I think they call it... "saving the best till last."(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): The editors probably embellish things a lot to flesh the story out, then break it into several chunks to make it into a series that runs over several days.Paimon: Alright, so... what's the "point" of the final page, then?(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): It gives the newspaper its "raison d'etre."About Beliefs Media:VO_Aether_About Beliefs.ogg Media:VO ZH_Aether_About Beliefs.ogg Media:VO JA_Aether_About Beliefs.ogg Media:VO KO_Aether_About Beliefs.ogg Media:VO_Lumine_About Beliefs.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lumine_About Beliefs.ogg Media:VO JA_Lumine_About Beliefs.ogg Media:VO KO_Lumine_About Beliefs.ogg Paimon: Have you noticed something? People in Sumeru don't seem to have a lot of faith in Lesser Lord Kusanali.Paimon: Back in Liyue and Inazuma, people were pretty enthusiastic about Rex Lapis and the Almighty Shogun.Paimon: Those strange scholars are one thing, but even everyone living downtown only ever seems to talk about Greater Lord Rukkhadevata.(Traveler): Yeah. (‍AndAndText for Aether/That's true... EvenThat's true... EvenText for Lumine‍) the most delicious mushrooms are said to be Greater Lord Rukkhadevata's blessing.Paimon: Speaking of which, lots of the dishes in Liyue are said to have been taught and approved by Rex Lapis himself...Paimon: Aha! So as long as a god blesses their people with delicious food, people will worship them!(Traveler): Hehe, if their name is Paimon, sure.Paimon: Huh? Wait, so... (Traveler), what do you believe in, then?(Traveler): Me? Hmm... Paimon, of course.Paimon: Heehee, that's right!VentiAs Baal:About Baal Media:VO_Venti About Baal.ogg Media:VO ZH_Venti About Baal.ogg Media:VO JA_Venti About Baal.ogg Media:VO KO_Venti About Baal.ogg So, I hear you defeated the mighty Raiden Shogun? Ah, I recall the days when she was a kagemusha, seeking to perfect her martial prowess. Hehe, she now no doubt employs a wide range of reasoning to get you to train with her. Oh but yes, come close and I shall let you in on her weakness — desserts!WandererAbout the Raiden Shogun Media:VO_Wanderer About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Wanderer About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO JA_Wanderer About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO KO_Wanderer About the Raiden Shogun.ogg She completely neglected her own creation, and to add insult to injury, she said it was because she "couldn't bring herself to intervene" in my fate...About Yae Miko Media:VO_Wanderer About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO ZH_Wanderer About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO JA_Wanderer About Yae Miko.ogg Media:VO KO_Wanderer About Yae Miko.ogg A smooth-talking youkai. Though she pretends to care about humans to gain the favor of her god, all she seeks are entertaining ways to pass her time.About Kaedehara Kazuha Media:VO_Wanderer About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO ZH_Wanderer About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO JA_Wanderer About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg Media:VO KO_Wanderer About Kaedehara Kazuha.ogg You speak of the descendant of the Kaedehara clan? Then isn't he... Wait, he also possesses an Anemo Vision? ...And even managed to take on the Raiden Shogun's Musou no Hitotachi? Hehe... Ahahahaha!Yae MikoWhen Thunder Strikes Media:VO_Yae Miko When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yae Miko When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO JA_Yae Miko When Thunder Strikes.ogg Media:VO KO_Yae Miko When Thunder Strikes.ogg Many people dread the sound of thunder... To me, it sounds fondly familiar.About the Raiden Shogun Media:VO_Yae Miko About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yae Miko About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO JA_Yae Miko About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO KO_Yae Miko About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Locking herself away in the Plane of Euthymia when she clearly wants to be out — it's just willful self-torture, really... On the other hand, it's also rather stubborn-but-cute, don't you think?About Kujou Sara Media:VO_Yae Miko About Kujou Sara.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yae Miko About Kujou Sara.ogg Media:VO JA_Yae Miko About Kujou Sara.ogg Media:VO KO_Yae Miko About Kujou Sara.ogg Not the sharpest tengu in the forest — she certainly didn't inherit the brilliant mind of daddy tengu, that's for sure. *sigh* How shall I put this? I suppose being blunt and dispensing with tact has its own advantages... But I do hope that the next time she visits the shrine, she keeps to herself. I've got better things to do than answer her incessant questions about Ei.About Kunikuzushi Media:VO_Yae Miko About Kunikuzushi.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yae Miko About Kunikuzushi.ogg Media:VO JA_Yae Miko About Kunikuzushi.ogg Media:VO KO_Yae Miko About Kunikuzushi.ogg I thought it was a disaster waiting to happen at the time, but she insisted that she wasn't going to lift a finger against the object of her own creation. Had I known how things would unfold, I would have simply disposed of it without her knowing. Hmm? What about now? Hehe... Well, we're no longer waiting for the disaster to happen, are we?YoimiyaAbout the Raiden Shogun Media:VO_Yoimiya About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yoimiya About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO JA_Yoimiya About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Media:VO KO_Yoimiya About the Raiden Shogun.ogg Fireworks are probably the furthest thing from the "eternity" that the Shogun pursues. She probably feels that their transient glory has no practical purpose in Inazuma. *sigh* It's probably something that one who has "eternity" in their grasp will find hard to comprehend. It is precisely because we mortals are like fleeting shadows that we need to treasure such flickers of beauty.ZhongliAs Baal:About Baal Media:VO_Zhongli About Baal.ogg Media:VO ZH_Zhongli About Baal.ogg Media:VO JA_Zhongli About Baal.ogg Media:VO KO_Zhongli About Baal.ogg Time tempers all volition. Yet she would give up everyone for her beliefs. Perhaps it is for this very reason that she has come to where she stands today... Should the chance come by me, I too would like to learn of the Eternity for which she so earnestly endeavors.MailsSenderMailsYae MikoHehehe... (Raiden Shogun's Birthday Mail)
Mail
Wishes... (2023-06-26)Moving Forward... (2024-06-26)
Trivia
The Raiden Shogun is one of the characters with ornaments that glow. While wearing her default outfit, Narukami's Law, when the Raiden Shogun's Elemental Burst is ready, the three objects on her outfit with the Electro symbol on them will glow the way other characters' non-Vision gems glow along with their Visions. The three objects are her left pauldron, the ornament on her waist at the front, and the fan-like ornament on her waist at the back.
When switching to the Raiden Shogun when her Elemental Burst is ready, the projected elemental symbol that is typically seen over other characters' Visions is not seen anywhere while wearing her default outfit, Narukami's Law.
The Raiden Shogun's default outfit, Narukami's Law, subtly displays a duality of character between its left and right sides. When viewed from the right, one sees her ornate kanzashi, long lavender sleeve, and the flowers in her hair and at her ankle, highlighting her elegance; however, looking from the left, one sees the pauldron on her shoulder and her unbrokenly dark-colored hair, sleeve, and sock, making her appear spartan and warrior-like. Even the cut of her bangs follows this pattern, sharp and blunt from the left and flowing more organically from the right.
Unlike Venti or Zhongli, whose constellation names follow the form of "~ Dei" (Latin:  "~ of God"), Raiden Shogun's constellation name does not follow this pattern. This is because both Venti and Zhongli are part of the original Seven, while Ei is not, as she originally took the role of the original Electro Archon's kagemusha.
As she directly governs Inazuma, everyone is also aware of her identity, a stark contrast to Venti and Zhongli in which only few people know of their true identities.
Ei's birthday, June 26, is likely based on an incident during the Heian period in the Enchō era. In Enchō 8, on the 26th day of the 6th month, lightning struck the Japanese imperial palace in modern-day Kyoto.
Beyond simple fear of losing those closest to her, it is hinted that Ei's obsession with a never-changing eternity is to prevent Inazuma from suffering the same fate as Khaenri'ah as a result of the Heavenly Principles.
She is the second character to be both a playable character and a boss, with the first being Childe.
She is also the first Archon to be fought as a boss, although only twice in the story domain Plane of Euthymia.
The Raiden Shogun is proficient in two weapons — swords and polearms, using the former as part of her Musou no Hitotachi and the latter, which was the Engulfing Lightning, during the player's fight against her in Amidst Stormy Judgment and later, The Omnipresent God. She shares this trait with many other prominent Inazumans.[Note 1]
The Raiden Shogun is hinted to be ambidextrous, as in her Elemental Burst animation, she pulls out the Musou Isshin from her chest with her right hand, but in the cutscenes of Inazuma's Archon Quest, she holds both her sword and polearm with her left hand.
She is loosely based on Raiden Mei from Houkai Gakuen 2 and Honkai Impact 3rd, as the two share a plethora of connections:
The two harness the power of lightning (Electro).
Raiden Shogun's real name, "Raiden Ei" is similar to Raiden Mei's name.
They are both voiced by Juhuahua in Chinese and Miyuki Sawashiro in Japanese.
They are very similar in appearance, with both having long purple hair and purple eyes.
Raiden Mei is the 3rd Herrscher (Herrscher of Thunder) while the Raiden Shogun is the third among the Seven Archons to appear.
In one of the Online Honkai Mangas, There is a chapter called "The Wrath of Baal," where it shows Mei's first appearance as the Herrscher of Thunder.
The Raiden Shogun shares a similar appearance as well as her Chinese and Japanese voice actresses with Acheron from Honkai: Star Rail, another version of Raiden Mei.
The Raiden Shogun's Japanese voice actress, Miyuki Sawashiro, has a couple of roles that share a few traits with Ei:
Kirari and Ririka Momobami are twins from the anime series Kakegurui, just like Ei and Makoto who are also twins and are both voiced by Miyuki Sawashiro.
Kaiser de Emperana Beelzebub IV from the anime series Beelzebub is a demon baby who can electrocute anyone when he's upset. Ei's Archon name, Beelzebul is derived from Beelzebub and can control lightning.
Bishamon from the anime series Noragami is a goddess of war and also has many names. She is a member of the Seven Gods of Fortune and has purple eyes. In mythology, Bishamon is said to be male much like Beelzebub (Ei's archon name).  Ei is a member of The Seven Archons of Teyvat and also has purple eyes.
The Raiden Shogun on release had no indicator on-model to indicate Elemental Burst charge (aside from a change to the Resolve Stack Circle). This was later added, but it is too subtle to notice.
In the Serenitea Pot, the model for the Raiden Shogun does not glow until completing Omnipresence Over Mortals.
Raiden Shogun does not have Electro particle spillover effects, nor does the Electro symbol project big, when her Elemental Burst is ready.
The tip of the Raiden Shogun's hair glows when she uses her Elemental Skill and Elemental Burst. This seems to be a trait shared with other Archon characters.
The Raiden Shogun is one of two characters who does not have a visible breath when exposed to Sheer Cold in Dragonspine, owing to her nature as a puppet; the other character with this distinction is the Wanderer.
The Raiden Shogun is the first major character to kill another, with her execution of La Signora after she is defeated by the Traveler in Duel Before the Throne.
She is also the first character to slay a Fatui Harbinger.
Raiden Shogun is also known by these aliases or titles:
Narukami Ogosho
Master of the Euthymic Plane
Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder
Raiden Shogun is mentioned in the descriptions of the following 15 Furnishings: Cleansing Shrine Court Lantern: Lingering Majesty Court Lantern: Red Moon of Yore Evil-Slaying Bows Otogi "Meichuu" Standing Lamp Ritual Shrine Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder Stone Lantern: Fudoumyou's Light Stonenet Whitestone "Meichuu" Standing Lamp Yumemiru "Cold and Warmth" Kotatsu Shrine Hall: Gentle Wishes Ancient Branch Shrine Court of the Upright General Crab
Etymology
In Shinto mythology, Raiden (Japanese: 雷電 Raiden) is another name for Raijin, a god of lightning, thunder, and storms. Raiden also means "thunder and lightning" in both Japanese and Chinese. The title Shogun (Japanese: 将軍 Shougun) refers to the title of military dictators who ruled over Japan prior to the Meiji Restoration in 1867.
Raiden Shogun's constellation name, Imperatrix Umbrosa, means "shadow empress", referring to her original role as her twin sister's kagemusha.
Haiku & Waka
In her Character Demo, Raiden Shogun recites the following haiku which follows the 5-7-5 syllabic structure.[6]



English

Chinese

Korean


Waking world, you seem,Woven from the stuff of dreams,All shall fade away.

于此浮世中，不独入寝可成梦，事事皆虚空。 Yú cǐ fúshì zhōng,Bù dú rùqǐn kě chéng mèng,Shìshì jiē xūkōng.

부세(浮世) 속에서잠을 자야만 꿈을 꾸는 게 아니다모든 게 덧없도다 Buse sog-eseoJam-eul jayaman kkum-eul kkuneun ge anidaModeun ge deod-eopdoda

In the Japanese version, specially, the poem was replaced by a famous yet perfect fit waka, from the Kokin Wakashuu (Japanese: 古今和歌集 "Collection of Japanese Poems of Ancient and Modern Times"), an early anthology of the waka form of Japanese poetry.



Japanese

Translation[7]


寝るが内に Nuru ga uchi ni

When in sleep –


見るをのみやは Miru wo nomi ya wa

Is only what we see then


夢と言はむ Yume to iwamu

To be called a dream?


はかなき世をも Hakanaki yo wo mo

This fleeting world, too,


うつつとは見ず Utsutsu to wa mizu

I cannot see as reality.

Other Poetry
The Raiden Shogun's "Chat: Idleness" voice-over in Japanese is derived from the Turezuregusa  (Japanese: 徒然草 Tsuredzuregusa, "Essays in Idleness"), a famed classic collection of essays written by Yoshida Kenkō between 1330 and 1332. Specifically, it is derived from the preface  (Japanese: つれづれなるまゝに日暮らし硯にむかひて心にうつりゆくよしなし事をそこはかとなく書きつくればあやしうこそものぐるほしけれ Tsuredzure-naru mama ni hikurashi suzuri ni mukaite kokoro ni utsuriyuku yoshi-nashi-goto wo sokohatonaku kakitsukureba ayashuu koso mono guruoshikere).
Notes

↑ Gorou and Kujou Sara are mentioned to have used swords despite using bows as their primary weapons, while Kamisato Ayato is mentioned to use both swords and polearms.


Other Languages
Character Title: Plane of Euthymia

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishPlane of Euthymia—Chinese(Simplified)一心净土Yīxīn JìngtǔPure Land of One Mind‍[※][※]Chinese reading of Japanese nameChinese(Traditional)一心淨土Yīxīn JìngtǔJapanese一心浄土Isshin JoudoPure Land of One MindKorean일심정토Ilsim-jeongtoPure Land of One Mind‍[※][※]Sino-Korean reading of Japanese nameSpanishLa Entidad de la EutimiaThe Entity of EuthymiaFrenchPlan euthymiqueEuthymic PlaneRussianЦарство эвтюмииTsarstvo evtyumiiEmpire of EuthymiaThaiดินแดนแห่งใจที่บริสุทธิ์VietnameseNhất Tâm Tịnh ThổPure Land of One Mind‍[※][※]Sino-Vietnamese reading of Chinese or Japanese nameGermanUtopische GefildeUtopian FieldsIndonesianPlane of Euthymia—PortuguesePlano da EutimiaPlane of EuthymiaTurkishZihnin Dinlenme YeriResting Place of MindItalianPiano dell'eutimiaPlane of Euthymia
References

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Raiden Shogun

↑ 2.0 2.1 Story Quest, Raiden Shogun, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act I - Reflections of Mortality, Part 2: To Traverse the Mortal Plane

↑ Story Quest, Raiden Shogun, Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter: Act I - Reflections of Mortality, Part 1: The Lonesome Euthymia

↑ 4.0 4.1 Archon Quest, Chapter II, Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals, Part 4: The Servant's Path

↑ 5.0 5.1 Archon Quest, Chapter II, Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals, Part 8: The Omnipresent God

↑ Bilibili: 《原神》角色演示-「雷电将军：净土裁断」

↑ Wakapoetry: Kokin Wakashuu XVI: 835


Navigation
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story

1.1 Shogun
1.2 Ei


2 Combat
3 Translation Notes
4 Navigation


Story
Shogun

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Hello.ogg No salutations needed. My exalted status shall not be disclosed as we travel among the common folk. I acknowledge that you are a person of superior ability. Henceforth, you will be my guard. Worry not. Should any danger arise, I shall dispose of it.
Chat: IdlenessChat: IdlenessMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Chat - Idleness.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Chat_-_Idleness.ogg Inactivity serves no purpose whatsoever. Hmph.
Chat: The Mortal WorldChat: The Mortal WorldMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Chat - The Mortal World.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Chat_-_The_Mortal_World.ogg The world remains constant over the centuries. But human life is like the dew at dawn or a bubble rising through water. Transitory.
Chat: Worldly BeautyChat: Worldly BeautyMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Chat - Worldly Beauty.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Chat_-_Worldly_Beauty.ogg All the world holds dear is but a backdrop of constant motion. I stand before it alone and unchanging.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_When_It_Rains.ogg Rainfall alone does not constitute a storm. Thunder is required.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_When_It_Snows.ogg The Winter Shogun approaches.[TN • 1]
On a Clear DayOn a Clear DayMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun When The Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_When_The_Sun_Is_Out.ogg Clear skies can do nothing to hide the brilliance of lightning. Divine bolts can strike even in the absence of rain. Do you see that tree? Wait...you understand? So... demonstration is not required? Good.
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Good_Morning.ogg Yawning without covering your mouth? Uncouth. I will pardon your rudeness this time. Good morning to you, too.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Good_Night.ogg I command the thunder in all corners of the world to cease. Rest well tonight.
About the Raiden Shogun: TransienceAbout the Raiden Shogun: TransienceMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun About Raiden Shogun - Transience.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_About_Raiden_Shogun_-_Transience.ogg Thunder's roar and lightning's flash. So ephemeral. This is why reaching Eternity is desirable. ...Actually, this is why reaching Eternity is necessary.
About the Raiden Shogun: EternityAbout the Raiden Shogun: EternityMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun About Raiden Shogun - Eternity.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_About_Raiden_Shogun_-_Eternity.ogg Erosion is a terrible thing. This body's purpose is to withstand wear and tear, that the one within might achieve Eternity.
About Us: OkuzumeshuuAbout Us: OkuzumeshuuMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun About Us - Okuzumeshuu.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_About_Us_-_Okuzumeshuu.ogg I declare you my chamberlain. In other words, according to my judgment, you are useful to the Shogunate and loyal to me.
Something to Share Friendship Lv. 4Something to Share Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Shogun Something To Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Something_To_Share.ogg No, I have nothing to share with you at this time. But you... You use elemental energy without the aid of a Vision. How is this possible? Please enlighten me.
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Interesting_Things.ogg Her body may have perished, but she became the Sacred Sakura. This, too, is a form of Eternity.
About Kamisato Ayato Friendship Lv. 4About Kamisato Ayato Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Shogun About Kamisato Ayato.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_About_Kamisato_Ayato.ogg Kamisato... One of the most distinguished clans in all of Inazuma. Despite Ayato's trickery in regard to the Tri-Commission's affairs, he is nevertheless a loyal subject. His past misdeeds shall be excused.
About Kujou Sara Friendship Lv. 4About Kujou Sara Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Shogun About Kujou Sara.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_About_Kujou_Sara.ogg A loyal and righteous subject, and an accomplished warrior. She is worthy to be called a hero. With an heir of such great promise, the future prosperity of the Kujou Clan is assured.
About Sangonomiya Kokomi Friendship Lv. 4About Sangonomiya Kokomi Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Shogun About Sangonomiya Kokomi.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_About_Sangonomiya_Kokomi.ogg Indeed. It was I who slew Orobaxi. But I also allowed the people of Sangonomiya to continue worshiping it as the Watatsumi Omikami, so that it might enjoy their offerings. Now, Sangonomiya has destroyed the local Narukami Shrine and rebels against the Shogunate. As the Divine Priestess representing the Watatsumi Omikami, she must be held accountable.
About Arataki Itto Friendship Lv. 4About Arataki Itto Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Shogun About Arataki Itto.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_About_Arataki_Itto.ogg Who?
About Yoimiya Friendship Lv. 4About Yoimiya Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Shogun About Yoimiya.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_About_Yoimiya.ogg Who? Ah, the firework maker. A manufacturer of fleeting illusions, enamored with the realm of fantasy and imagination, but a subject of mine nonetheless.Hmm? Fireworks were released on Tenryou Commission property? By whom... her?
More About the Raiden Shogun: IMore About the Raiden Shogun: IMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun More About Raiden Shogun - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_More_About_Raiden_Shogun_-_01.ogg State your query. To the point.
More About the Raiden Shogun: II Friendship Lv. 3More About the Raiden Shogun: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Raiden Shogun More About Raiden Shogun - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_More_About_Raiden_Shogun_-_02.ogg On stormy days, the people of Inazuma chant "kuwabara, kuwabara," believing that this will protect themselves from being struck by lightning. You need not worry about any storm summoned by my own hand — they will bring you no harm. Lightning storms that occur naturally, however, can be more unpredictable.
The Raiden Shogun's HobbiesThe Raiden Shogun's HobbiesMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Hobbies.ogg Foolish question. There are only two kinds of things — those that must be done and those that must not.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg Foolish question. There are only two kinds of foods — those that must be consumed to nourish the body and those that harm it.
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg A familiar flavor... Acceptable.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg Leave it here, and I shall sample it.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Consuming this would be physically detrimental. Remove it from my presence.
Birth DateBirth DateMedia:VO_Raiden Shogun Birth Date.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Birth_Date.ogg Is today the day of your creation? Return to the city with me. I will read out a speech for you in front of all my attendants. "Embarrassing"? ...Understood.
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Raiden Shogun Feelings About Ascension -  01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg The initial stage of my journey, or Shoden, involves learning the nine-way sword slash and the foundations of the art of the polearm. There is no great variation from other traditions at this point. Or rather, it is the other traditions that do not differ from mine.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Raiden Shogun Feelings About Ascension -  02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg At the intermediate stage of my journey, or Chuden, the art of the sword focuses on the study of various stances and transitions. The art of the polearm — slashes and backslashes.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Raiden Shogun Feelings About Ascension -  03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg The final stage of my journey, or Kaiden, is the study of the most profound techniques. Unavoidably, these draw heavily on elemental power, rendering them beyond the capabilities of most mortals. Most practitioners of other traditions are unable to ever reach this level.
Ei
All of the following Voice-Overs are unlocked by completing the Archon Quest Omnipresence Over Mortals; any extra requirement will be noted.


Title and RequirementsDetails
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Raiden Ei When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Dear me, that didn't frighten you, did it? After all, you are in the presence of the most supreme and terrifying incarnation of lightning in the whole of Teyvat.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Raiden Ei Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_Good_Afternoon.ogg Time for dessert. What? Why not? What do you mean, "Entrées come first"? ...They were only indulging me because I am the Shogun? Huh, interesting.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Raiden Ei Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_Good_Evening.ogg Do you wish to know the truth about the shooting stars at night? Haha, they are but fleeting moments of luminosity. Uh, you used to be one of them? Are you a tengu warrior?
About Us: Protector Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Protector Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Raiden Ei About Us - Protector.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_About_Us_-_Protector.ogg Despite serving as my guard during this journey, you need not shield me from danger. The Shogun's constitution is rather robust, and in the event she does break down, we can simply get a replacement. In an emergency, just send her into the fray.
About Us: Legacy Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Legacy Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Raiden Ei About Us - Legacy.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_About_Us_-_Legacy.ogg The Inazuman arts of polearm and sword combat, as well as the blade-forging process itself, primarily originated with me. Since then, they have branched out and blossomed into a variety of techniques according to each master's individual aptitude.What would you say to another sparring session? If you emerge unscathed again, I'll let you found your own martial arts tradition in Inazuma. Ah, the drive to advance and evolve in the martial arts is truly unstoppable.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Ei About The Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_About_The_Vision.ogg Really? So in all this time, no new Electro Visions have appeared in the outside world? Well, what I can say on this topic is subject to certain constraints, but... it is not by my will that Visions are granted or denied. The key is people's desire, and... well, there's another side to it too.
About Yae Miko Friendship Lv. 4About Yae Miko Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Ei About Yae Miko.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_About_Yae_Miko.ogg Ah, that girl... She used to be the kind of person who could easily be swayed with some Fried Tofu. It's a relief to see how shrewd and resourceful she's now become. Still, I have to admit that I was a little upset to become the target of her scheming myself. I know it was for my own good, but I'm afraid she will mock me next time we meet... Perhaps I should take the initiative and strike her first? Hmm, she'll dodge it anyway.
About Kamisato Ayaka Friendship Lv. 4About Kamisato Ayaka Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Ei About Kamisato Ayaka.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_About_Kamisato_Ayaka.ogg Kamisato... One of the most distinguished clans in all of Inazuma. Eh? That's exactly what the Shogun said? Well, A—Ayaka's also well-versed in the art of the sword.
About Thoma Friendship Lv. 4About Thoma Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Ei About Thoma.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_About_Thoma.ogg I can't deny that I am somewhat culpable in the events that led to him being almost stripped of his Vision, but I rather think the Shogun should be the one to extend a formal apology to him... Okay, fine. I'll give it some more thought.
About Kunikuzushi Friendship Lv. 4 Not Available after The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's CallAbout Kunikuzushi Friendship Lv. 4 Not Available after The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's CallMedia:VO_Raiden Ei About Kunikuzushi.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_About_Kunikuzushi.ogg He came about as a byproduct of creating the Shogun. Perhaps it's because I feel like I owe him something, but I do not wish to assert control over him.
About Morax Friendship Lv. 4About Morax Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Ei About Morax.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_About_Morax.ogg I had an opportunity to feast with him once, back when I was just a kagemusha attending a gathering of the gods. So he's made his choice. Be that as it may, I don't believe his story is anywhere near finished yet.
About Venti Friendship Lv. 4About Venti Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Ei About Venti.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_About_Venti.ogg Hmm. So, the Anemo Archon still goes by that name among mortals these days? Truth be told, from the very first moment I met him, I could somehow sense that we were not going to get along. Also, he sure can drink a lot.
About Buer Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout Buer Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Raiden Ei About Buer.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_About_Buer.ogg I admire her humility; it is a sign of true wisdom. With the power she holds, Buer is capable of doing many things beyond our wildest imaginations... and yet, she uses her power only to right wrongs and to protect. She is a truly gentle god.
About Furina Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Furina Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Raiden Ei About Furina.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_About_Furina.ogg For five centuries I dueled the Raiden Shogun in my personal realm of consciousness, to confirm the steadfastness of my will. Yet this Furina you speak of, though possessing only a frail human body, committed herself to acting out her part every second of every day for five hundred years — a true battle of the spirit. Her willpower has indeed reached the level of a god.
More About Ei: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Ei: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Raiden Ei More About Raiden Ei - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_More_About_Raiden_Ei_-_03.ogg The account given in the book "Treasured Tales" is largely an accurate one. At that time, she was preoccupied with various domestic matters within the island, so as her kagemusha, I assumed her identity and joined the troops dispatched to pacify Watatsumi. After this point, however, the story turns into mere wishful thinking. Back then, I was just a martial artist wrapped up in all the fighting, not a social reformer or moral leader.
More About Ei: IV Friendship Lv. 5More About Ei: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Raiden Ei More About Raiden Ei - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_More_About_Raiden_Ei_-_04.ogg Perhaps my pursuit of Eternity is nothing more than a form of escapism. In the end, the path I took was like that of a turtle who hides in its shell. Still, turtles have always been a symbol of longevity. Perhaps in order to reach Eternity, one has to follow their example.
More About Ei: V Friendship Lv. 6More About Ei: V Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Raiden Ei More About Raiden Ei - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_More_About_Raiden_Ei_-_05.ogg I'm fearful because of what I witnessed five hundred years ago — her demise and that thing. But, if... If it were you, everyone would be safe. You would've saved the world. Just like I cherish the memories of everything in Inazuma, if you remember me, I'll live forever.
Ei's TroublesEi's TroublesMedia:VO_Raiden Ei Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_Troubles.ogg Don't try and get me to cook. I can take care of anything else, but not that.
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Raiden Ei Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_Favorite_Food.ogg Oh, don't listen to the Shogun. Desserts! Cavities are no big deal — you can just replace your teeth. Anyway, I just don't see how desserts can pose a serious obstacle to my pursuit of Eternity.
Receiving a Gift: IVReceiving a Gift: IVMedia:VO_Raiden Ei Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg Delicious. I feel much better after that. Thank you.
Receiving a Gift: VReceiving a Gift: VMedia:VO_Raiden Ei Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg Doesn't look too bad, how did you make it?
Receiving a Gift: VIReceiving a Gift: VIMedia:VO_Raiden Ei Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Allow me to decline.
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Raiden Ei Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_Birthday.ogg Happy birthday! Let's celebrate together and make it a moment to remember for the whole year until your next birthday celebration, and so on and so forth. Then, you shall have an eternity of happiness.
Feelings about Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings about Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Raiden Ei Feelings About Ascension -  04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Ei_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg The profoundest of the profound is the Musou no Hitotachi. A sword art without parallel in all the world. With you as my sparring partner, I can perfect that technique even further.
Combat
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Shine down!Media:VO Raiden Shogun Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg There is no escape!Media:VO Raiden Shogun Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Illusion shattered!Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Torn to oblivion!Media:VO Raiden Shogun Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Now, you shall perish!Media:VO Raiden Shogun Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Inazuma shines eternal!Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndRaiden Shogun does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg Take them. I have no need.Media:VO Raiden Shogun Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg ...But a momentary distraction.Media:VO Raiden Shogun Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Hmm?Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Low_HP_01.ogg ...Transcend all constraints.Media:VO Raiden Shogun Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Low_HP_02.ogg ...Erase all threats.Media:VO Raiden Shogun Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Low_HP_03.ogg ...Remove all obstacles.Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Fall back and await my orders.Media:VO Raiden Shogun Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Step aside.FallenFallenMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Fallen_01.ogg The mortal plane... a fleeting dream...Media:VO Raiden Shogun Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Fallen_02.ogg Detached from the world...Media:VO Raiden Shogun Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Fallen_03.ogg The thunder falls silent...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Insolent!Media:VO Raiden Shogun Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Absurd!Media:VO Raiden Shogun Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Joining_Party_01.ogg What is the situation?Media:VO Raiden Shogun Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Joining_Party_02.ogg Stay close and you will live.Media:VO Raiden Shogun Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Joining_Party_03.ogg The campaign begins.Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Raiden Shogun does not feature any Character Idles Voice-Overs.Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Climbing_03.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Climbing 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Climbing_04.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Climbing 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Climbing_05.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Raiden Shogun Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Raiden Shogun Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Raiden_Shogun_Jumping_05.ogg 
Translation Notes

↑ The "winter shogun" (冬将軍) is a metaphor that personifies the concept of winter. In Japan, it refers to cold air masses that move south from Siberia into Japan during the winter, bringing with them heavy snow and decreasing temperatures.


Navigation
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Raiden Shogun










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Raiden Shogun can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining her and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.
Prior to completing the Archon Quest Omnipresence Over Mortals, Raiden Shogun has only one line of dialogue.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 A Thousand Swings
4.2 Ancient Branch Shrine


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Raiden Shogun has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsAncient Branch Shrine 20 1 20,000A Thousand Swings 20 2 20,000
Idle Quotes
Ei's Idle Quotes

 Desserts...
 Eternity and change...
 Inazuma...
 I want to test your skills...
 Like the Plane of Euthymia...
(When the player is nearby)
 ...looking for me?
 Is it you?

Shogun's Idle Quotes

 ...

Dialogue
If you have completed Omnipresence Over Mortals, then you will receive Ei's dialogue, otherwise you will receive the Shogun's dialogue.

Ei's Dialogue

Media:vo raidenei mimitomo hello 01.ogg Ei: Oh, it's you, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo hello 02.ogg Ei: Perhaps you have come just to see me?
 How do you like it here?
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Ei: It's much livelier here than the plane of pure silence and tranquility that I'm used to.
 Will it be difficult for you to get used to this place?
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Ei: No, not at all.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Ei: Clamor and commotion are strictly external, my inner being shall remain tranquil as ever.
 Okay, that's good.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg Ei: Thank you for your concern.
 Would you like to join in the action?
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg Ei: Such lively activities stand in direct contrast to the notion of Eternity. I'm afraid I'll have to consider it further.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Ei: ...
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Ei: Will you remain here a while longer?
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Ei: With you by my side, though our mouths stay silent, my heart is at peace.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Ei: Your companionship... This is one change that I shall not contest.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Ei: Yes, I just so happen to have something that I would like to ask you.
 Oh really? What's that?
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Ei: I would like to know how you make such delicious desserts.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Ei: *ahem* I mean, they certainly seem to suit my taste.
 The most important ingredient is patience.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04a 1.ogg Ei: I see... Though your attempts may fail, you will not give up future attempts because of a temporary setback.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04a 2.ogg Ei: By making adjustments along the way, you compile what you've learned and accumulate experience.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04a 3.ogg Ei: ...Is that what you mean?
 The most important ingredient is hope.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04b 1.ogg Ei: Hope?
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04b 2.ogg Ei: I would've never expected that trying to make desserts taste better was an expression of hope.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04b 3.ogg Ei: But no... The more I think about it, it can't possibly be that simple.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 04b 4.ogg Ei: Perhaps "hope" means the desire to satisfy the eater.
 Exactly.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Ei: I see. I'll be sure to remember that.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Ei: Now that I've benefited from your experience, I'll try to follow your instructions the next time I'm attempting optimizations on the Shogun.
 Oh, so that's what this is all about...
 I have a feeling that it's not learning how to make desserts that you're after...
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Ei: Hmm? Haven't I already mentioned that I cannot make food?
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Ei: However, the advice you gave me will benefit you as well...
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Ei: With a more powerful Shogun, I will be able to protect you from a myriad of dangers even more effectively.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Anything you want to do?
Media:vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Ei: Yes. Unsheathe your weapon.
 Wait, you mean... now?
 I'm not mentally prepared for this.
Media:vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Ei: Hmph. Then I will come again once your preparation is complete. I have time.
Media:vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Ei: I will use my blade to confirm whether you are out of practice or not.
 Wait, are you serious?
Media:vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Ei: Naturally.
Media:vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Ei: The moment that blades are crossed in battle also becomes a kind of Eternity. I shall use this moment to feel your inner being.
Media:vo raidenshogun mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Ei: A simple and direct method, yet more clear than any language could convey. It even allows me to verify my own existence.
 Something seems a bit off...
 Ei? Is that you?
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Ei: Huh? So you could see through my guise? Oh. I thought my impression was accurate enough.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Ei: Never mind. I'll be honest with you then, I desire to spar with you.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Ei: After all, few have ever proved capable of withstanding my blade. It would be a pleasure to train with you.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Ei: However, I feared that you would be hesitant to strike me, so I used the identity of the Shogun.
 There's no need to trick me into it...
 That's an odd request...
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Ei: Ah, you don't refuse. May I assume you accept then?
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Ei: Hehe, you should prepare yourself. I certainly won't go easy on you.
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Good morning, Ei.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo morning 01.ogg Ei: Good morning, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo morning 02.ogg Ei: Even such a trivial interaction fills me with motivation. Amazing...
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Ei.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo night 01.ogg Ei: Oh, has night fallen already? Then you'd best go have a rest.
Media:vo raidenei mimitomo night 02.ogg Ei: Good night, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler). May your dreams be calm and peaceful.


Shogun's Dialogue

Media:vo raidenshogun mimitomo hello 01.ogg Raiden Shogun: ...
Media:vo raidenshogun mimitomo hello 02.ogg Raiden Shogun: Since my physical form is here in this realm, I suppose there's no harm in seeing how you've utilized its infinitesimal space.

Special Dialogue
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

A Thousand Swings

Media:vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun dojo 01.ogg Raiden Shogun: A dojo...?
Media:vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun dojo 02.ogg Raiden Shogun: So, you pursue distinction in the martial arts? Clearly, the Musou no Hitotachi has sharpened your resolve.
Media:vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun dojo 03.ogg Raiden Shogun: Those who strive for perfection are to be commended.

Ancient Branch Shrine

Media:vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun shrine 01.ogg Raiden Shogun: This shrine looks somewhat familiar.
Media:vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun shrine 02.ogg Raiden Shogun: Is this what it means... to reminisce?
Media:vo mimitomo dq raidenshogun shrine 03.ogg Raiden Shogun: So be it. The sensation is not a disagreeable one.

Change History
Released in Version 2.1[Edit History]Version 2.2
The following Furnishing Sets were assigned as favorite for this character:
A Thousand Swings
Ancient Branch Shrine

Version 2.1

Raiden Shogun was released as Companion.
Navigation
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






