Introduced as the flamboyant and overconfident Hydro Archon, Furina's theatrics are eventually revealed to be a public persona, which she later discards in favor of living a relatively humbler life as an actress and artistic consultant.





Coronated Prima Donna





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game (Pneuma)
							
						



							In-Game (Ousia)
							
						


























Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Furina


De­scrip­tion
Furina's outfit. When the curtain rises, the star of the show is meant to shine bright on the stage, and even gorgeous costumes adorned with diamonds pale in comparison to her own dazzling brilliance.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


Coronated Prima Donna is Furina's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance
2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
Furina wears a dark blue suit-like outfit over a vest with a jabot, all decorated with multiple blue cut stone accessories that resemble water droplets at several places. A blue sash is laid over the vest, tied into a bow and pinned with a large blue gem in the center that is later replaced with her Vision. Her cuffs are folded back, hemmed into brass-like pieces, revealing a deep blue frill ending her sleeves. She also wears a dark blue top hat tipped to the left of her head, the hat decorated with metal flourishes giving the hat a crown-like appearance, in addition to including her emblem on the top surface. Multiple other fabric ornaments decorate Furina's outfit, including blue and white pieces of cloth on her trailing behind her waist and hat. Her Ousia form has all the white colors in her dress changed into a dark-blue color. 
She wears a black glove on her right hand and a white one on her left. Furina wears short pants appended with bands wrapping her thigh. She wears dark heeled leather shoes, with her emblem emblazoned on the bottom of soles and white ruff-like collars that wrap around her ankles.
Furina's Arkhe forms cause changes in her design. In her Pneuma form, Furina has glowing twin strands of hair down her back. Her top and shorts are white, as well as minor changes to the frill of her coat and her hat. In Furina's Ousia form, she wears a dark blue vest, shorts, and etc. Her hair is shortened to the length of her bob cut alone, and she loses the glow at the tips of her blue streaks.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Ousia Aligned
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Furina Ousia 1.mp4     Idle 1  Media:Idle Furina Ousia 2.mp4     Idle 2  Media:Talent Menu Furina Ousia.mp4     Talent Menu  Media:Weapon Menu Furina Ousia.mp4     Weapon Menu  Media:Party Setup Furina Ousia.mp4     Party Setup  
Pneuma Aligned
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Furina Pneuma 1.mp4     Idle 1  Media:Idle Furina Pneuma 2.mp4     Idle 2  Media:Talent Menu Furina Pneuma.mp4     Talent Menu  Media:Weapon Menu Furina Pneuma.mp4     Weapon Menu  Media:Party Setup Furina Pneuma.mp4     Party Setup  
Turnarounds[]
Ousia Aligned
In-game model turnaround
Pneuma Aligned
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishCoronated Prima Donna—Chinese(Simplified)冠笄伶优Guànjī LíngyōuCoronated ActorChinese(Traditional)冠笄伶優Guànjī LíngyōuJapanese伶優の戴冠式Reiyuu no TaikanshikiAn Actor's CoronationKorean프리마돈나PeurimadonnaPrima DonnaSpanishPrima donna coronadaCoronated Prima DonnaFrenchDameisele accomplieAccomplished Damsel[• 1]RussianКоронованная примадоннаKoronovannaya primadonnaCoronated Prima DonnaThaiนักแสดงสวมมงกุฎVietnameseMinh Tinh Đăng QuangCoronated CelebrityGermanGekrönte Prima DonnaIndonesianCoronated Prima Donna—PortugueseDama CoroadaCoronated DameTurkishAktrisler KraliçesiQueen of ActressesItalianPrimadonna con coronaPrima Donna with Crown
↑ French: Dameisele is Old French for damoiselle "damsel, noblewoman."


Change History[]
Released in Version 4.2[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
The "Regina of All Waters, Kindreds, Peoples and Laws" is deeply loved by her people.She follows each and every trial held at the Opera Epiclese with an inextinguishable passion, and is always acutely aware of how the "audience" sees things.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction

3.1 Version 1
3.2 Version 2


4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Salon Solitaire
4.8 Vision


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 Archon Quests
7.2 Story Quests

7.2.1 Hangout Events


7.3 Events
7.4 Web Events


8 Character Trials

8.1 Quests
8.2 Events
8.3 Test Run Events


9 Character Mentions

9.1 Character Stories
9.2 Character Voice-Overs
9.3 Mails


10 Trivia

10.1 Etymology


11 Other Languages

11.1 Character Title: Endless Solo of Solitude


12 References
13 Navigation


Personality[]
The absolute focus of the stage of judgment, until the final applause sounds.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Flamboyant and imprudent, Furina lives for the thrill of the courtroom, often speaking in a manner peppered with bravado and drama. She is impatient and has a childlike temper, and she will occasionally make judgments that she doesn't mean, which Neuvillette frequently has to control while conducting a trial to avoid complications. While she enjoys being in the spotlight, she only does so when it is focused at her positively, breaking down in complete shambles should something go out of plan and will try to save face at the first possible opportunity.
It is later revealed that Furina was not the true Hydro Archon. Focalors, the successor of Egeria, had separated her divinity from her body and spirit; Furina was the Archon's body and spirit but had no powers. Focalors used Furina as a way to deceive the Heavenly Principles in order to prevent the result of the prophecy regarding Fontaine from becoming a permanent reality. Furina was tasked with maintaining the guise of an Archon and cursed by Focalors so that she could not die nor pursue her own happiness so long as Focalors lived. As a new "human," she had difficulty taking the role but eventually mastered it. Aware of the prophecy that would doom Fontaine, Furina assumed the role of Hydro Archon for 500 years; while she was successful in this task, it wore her down mentally so that she suffered from severe self-esteem issues and paranoia, as shown when the Traveler convinced the court audience that she was a fraud in her trial. Despite being undying due to being cursed by Focalors, Furina remained fearful of situations that seemed deadly, as she pleaded the Knave to not kill her during an attack for the Hydro Gnosis, and was hesitant in dipping her hand into Primordial Seawater to prove whether she is the Hydro Archon during a trial. As a result, she suffers from post-traumatic stress upon seeing rising waters[2] or the Knave being mentioned to her.[3]
Upon being freed of her role as an acting Archon, Furina had returned to her normal self, but without the burdens associated with her role. While she is still flamboyant and dramatic at times, she now displays a softer, humbler and insecure side of herself. At first, she struggled coming to terms with her role being over, believing that her newfound freedom meant that she was no longer needed, and had trouble reaching out for the people closest to her while she was the Archon, such as Neuvillette and Clorinde. She also planned to retire from the stage despite her love of acting, finding it difficult to take on different identities after having to sustain such a heavy burden for centuries. After being comforted by the Traveler, Neuvillette, and Navia as well as getting invited to a party by Clorinde, she realizes that her journey of self-discovery means that she no longer has to live her life in solitude. Eventually, she is able to regain the courage to move forward and go back onstage for the first time since her abdication, and learns to accept her identity not as the Hydro Archon, but simply as herself, culminating in her receiving a Hydro Vision.[4]

Appearance[]
See also: Coronated Prima Donna
Furina is a fair-skinned woman who uses the medium female model. Her eyes are heterochromatic and have droplet-shaped pupils: her right eye is light blue with a dark blue pupil, while her left eye reverses the color scheme with a purple outer ring. She has soft white hair with light blue streaks. Arkhe alignments cause changes in Furina's features.
Pneuma: Furina's hair is sectioned into two parts, similar to a jellyfish cut: a short wavy bob cut of white, and a layer underneath of twin strands. Both sport "glowing" blue streaks. Her outfit is centered around pale blues and white.
Ousia: Furina's hair is shortened to only the bob section. A single lock of hair, like a long ahoge, points towards the right of her hat. Her outfit is centered around dark blues and black.

Official Introduction[]
Version 1[]
Perpetual muse of chansons and rondeaux
One lie always follows another, and so "justice" awaits inescapably at the end. The ignorant see this as some kind of farce. But if they trace back to the source, they inevitably realize that they began by deceiving themselves.—A disordered fable left in someone's dream by Mage "N"
Undoubtedly, Furina has been much loved by the people of Fontaine from the moment she became the Hydro Archon.
Her charismatic parlance, lively wit, and elegant bearing — all bear witness to her godly charms.
But perhaps the thing that she is most revered for is her unrivaled sense of drama.
As the protagonist of a famous play at the Opera Epiclese once put it,
"Life is like the theater — you never can tell when the twist will come."
Furina is as inscrutable as the most cunning of stage characters, her course of action defying all prediction.
In fact it's precisely for this reason that the god of Justice and Judgment, unapproachable in her divine majesty, has such a bewitching influence.
But when the curtain falls, a hollow feeling invariably starts to creep in.
There are those who wonder whether there are moments in the dead of night when even a god like Furina feels the sharp pangs of loneliness.
No, surely not. People couldn't possibly imagine, let alone believe, that such a scene might play out.
And that's indeed the way it should be.
That is, were it not for the fact that Furina's tears had already been silently washed away by the Fountain of Lucine.

Version 2[]
Perpetual muse of chansons and rondeaux
She could feel joy, sorrow, and everything in between. She could be as vain and conceited, or as meek and vulnerable as she wished... As far as I'm concerned, her very imperfections are what make her perfect.—A sinner's confession, full of love and regret
As the voices of doubt have bubbled up like a torrent, she has been forced to adopt a higher-spirited and more unyielding demeanor in her defense.
But she must also continue to fulfill her duties at hand, and can't possibly let her weakness be exposed through the rise and fall of her emotions.
The advent of an impending disaster — long foretold by ancient prophecy — draws near. Faced with such times, what is a god to do? More than anyone else, she wishes she knew.
From an onlooker's perspective, she seems distracted and weary — but she waves this off as a simple lack of sleep. As the Regina, loved and respected by her people, how could she let such buzzing naysayers get to her?
No — no matter how chaotic and urgent things get, she can't allow herself to drop the ball now, nor can she let all those years of hard work come to nothing.
Beloved by all, the one and only star of this grand opera...
Whether lonely, helpless, in pain, or in sorrow, and even if it means taking all the misery of this world onto her shoulders...
Her will to protect the people of Fontaine — every last one of them — has never yet faltered.

Character Stories[]
Character Details
It is unlikely that travelers from other nations will understand why the god of this land is regarded as a "superstar" unless they set foot in the Opera Epiclese.Whether at performances or trials, she will always be in the seat reserved for her above the audience, laughing, scolding, falling into hysterics, to the point where more often than not she makes a stronger impression than the action onstage.People buy tickets to indulge in new sensory experiences, and in this regard, Furina is by far more popular than the absolute justice that Neuvillette represents.The forms respect can take are not limited to just lifting one's eyes up to a being above, and the unique form of respect Fontainians have for Furina is perhaps described better as "affection and fondness."She is not perfect, and may not even be very powerful, but while onstage, she is the personage the people trust the most, for she never disappoints.Among Fontainian literary circles, there is a popular saying that Furina is a memory of spring never-fading, present in the hearts of all. And who does not wish for an eternal spring?Spring is transient, but she is ever there — follow the stage lights, and you shall see her.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
As the icon of the Opera Epiclese, Furina has the right to speak freely during all stages of a trial.Most of her questions are born from her curiosity and often have tenuous logical connections with the case at best, which at times can provoke raucous bursts of laughter from the audience.But just as one might begin to suspect that Furina is just there for laughs and gags, and lacks even the capability to grasp the case in its entirety, she throws out opinions worth their weight in gold.Of course, there are also times when she will express little interest in the whole process due to having earlier eaten snacks ill to her liking or missed some parade, but it is said that audience members lucky enough to be there are still pleased with this, as a god who speaks in anger is equally enchanting.There is but one circumstance in which she will not appear to act quite so willfully, and that is when she takes the stage as an actress in a musical.Fontaine has a great many musical theater classics passed down from antiquity that are, from time to time, performed at the Opera Epiclese, with key roles being played by the most popular actors of the day.Before such productions are put on, there is a phase during preparations that resembles nothing so much as a lucky draw, where the troupe will send Furina an invitation. Should the mood strike her, she will agree to appear, resulting in a stage shared by a god and humans.Once Furina has agreed to participate, the performance date for that show becomes a Fontainian festival in its own right, so popular that the Opera Epiclese couldn't possibly meet the fervent demand even if they sold nothing but standing tickets and were filled to capacity.And when the music sounds and a god takes the stage, the audience will see not their lovable deity, who does as she pleases, but the character in the script.Whether majestic or valiant, conniving or covetous, Furina is a dab hand at playing them all, perfect down to the last gesture, as if she were born to act.And it is because of her record of wondrous performances that she very much deserves to be called "superstar" by her people.Even a famous reporter from The Steambird who had barely squeaked their way backstage was completely awestruck, such that it was a long while before they remembered the interview questions in their notebook."Lady Furina, might I ask how you were able to attain such great mastery acting as an Archon, though no one has ever seen you practice?"Furina's reply was proud, albeit uncharacteristically simple. "Why, because I am a god. Next question!"Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
Cases and performances take up a great deal of Furina's time, and even without these two things, she still shows up for all kinds of social activities and dinner parties related to government business and diplomacy.Of course, social engagement is usually the limit of her remit, while the real behind-the-scenes work, and sometimes even certain important speeches made during these interactions, are handled by others.Furina is quite thankful for these proxies, for she has heard that her life of leisure is a rare privilege in a world where most other gods have an endless parade of duties large and small to attend to.She once considered that it might be right to set a... godly example, so to speak, and so she attempted to take part in the Palais Mermonia's day-to-day work when she had an excessive amount of free time on her hands...However, her offers were respectfully yet consistently declined by both humans and Melusines, who insisted that "there are no great duties at present that need to be handed over to our god."Though these words did make her glad, of course, after a few attempts she quickly realized how impractical it would be to use the work of the Palais Mermonia to escape her boredom.Furina actually has another hobby, known to very few, and that is playing with little animals.Fontaine's waterscapes are vast and beautiful, as well as blessed with innumerable adorable creatures. For one who always finds herself interacting with humans like Furina, this serves as an excellent change of pace.However, animal habits are inconsistent and unpredictable, and Furina's carefree attitude always seems to rub them the wrong way. As in the "if she's not being blasted in the face by Hat Jellyfish, then she's being pursued to the ends of the ocean by Hunter's Rays" kind of wrong way.It can be argued that the underwater world is more primitive and wild than the surface world, considering how little respect the animals here give a god on account of her status alone.Nonetheless, Furina did eventually discover the animal for her ministrations — the sunbathing, beach-loving, horizontal alignment-enjoying Blubberbeasts.Cheek squeezes, belly rubs, and even flipping them over, then over again, gets at most a turn of the head and noiseless protest."Hmm? You like it? Hehe, so do I!"A few mild miscommunications aside, they have since become the best of friends.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
Although Furina does tend to give people the impression of one prone to wandering thoughts and only tangential concern for the rules, she does have strict standards — in certain circumstances, anyway, especially before or after performances.Everything must be to her satisfaction, be it the make or color of the props, the timing of the brightening and dimming of the lighting, or the pace and rhythm of the music.As such, sharing the stage with a god is not some shortcut to glory, but one paved with blood, sweat, and tears, to the point where even the stories of a hard-to-please superstar prima donna fond of shows and with theatrical swagger to spare has reached even the lowliest street stalls.Indeed, there was once a famous troupe that won the chance to perform with her, and pretended to agree to her exacting demands, only to default to methods they were more accustomed to during real rehearsals and performance prep.The troupe director was confident in this method, believing that given Furina's personality, she would be most willing to back down on said demands if she were appropriately flattered and saw that everything was already complete and thus too late to change — a most excellent way to save effort and trouble.But when the director began moving their props to the Opera Epiclese, he found Furina there, directing another troupe as they set up the stage rigging."Why, hello. You didn't seem interested in my opinions, so I arranged to perform with a different troupe."The director was stunned. He had planned for Furina to discover the "flaws" in her view only after setup was complete.But he could already tell that the stage sections that had been constructed precisely in accordance with her directions were significantly superior. Ordinary audience members couldn't necessarily tell, of course, but to professionals, the difference was always in the details, and these were obvious at a glance.Still, this director was unwilling to simply turn back, criticizing Furina for not adhering to the spirit of contractual obligation by not informing them beforehand of her contingency arrangements.Furina would not let this villain cast the first stone, instead scrunching her face into an expression of disbelief."You don't really think I'm that much of a gullible fool, do you? Guards! Send them on their way."Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5  •  Masquerade of the Guilty
Round and round the interminable performance went, the day of the curtain call ever beyond reach, but so long as the prophecy loomed, the tale of this god must go on.Though Fontainians found no real reason to doubt Furina over the years, she knew that the collapse of trust could begin with a single crack. No matter how small, once it appeared, it would be irreversible.And the consequences of being exposed would be to reduce all her long years of work to dust, to allow Fontaine to fall — that was unconscionable!So she did her best to laugh loudly when she should be glad, and weep bitterly when she should grieve, and display the divine bearing of an Archon when it was time to show off, all without fail, all without rest.She knew that this was a performance. If she could endure until the danger had passed, she could finally take off her mask and regain the freedom to express her feelings.Yet, she slowly began to realize that the godly role she was playing was eating into her.A horrifying doubt began to creep up on her — how should she react when glad, if not to laugh loudly?Perhaps she was once a girl who did not much enjoy laughter. Perhaps she had once been the sort to give up on herself at the first sign of difficulty, but such emotions had already slipped away, bit by bit.Those in the performance arts often say that one must become a character to play them.From that perspective, Furina's performance as the Hydro Archon has been flawless. Her painstaking perseverance produced the perfect product.But no one has ever spoken of what might transpire once the last light had dimmed, for to them, the stage is fleeting.For one such as Furina, who has acted for far too long, even the path back offstage has faded into dust, buried by the sands of time.Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6  •  Masquerade of the Guilty
The crisis of original sin was resolved, and Fontaine came under a new order. The affected areas were gradually rebuilt, and the people held high hopes for the future.Furina was the only one with no place in this new world. She was quick to pack her bags and leave the Palais Mermonia, nor did she return to the Opera Epiclese.She simply wanted to leave the memories that brought her so much pain as far behind as possible, and she was uninterested in the debates surrounding her — the Hydro Archon's tale was over, as it should be.But where should an actress who had finished her part and fulfilled her duty go? None could say, and the concept of "freedom" rang hollow.Furina's luggage remained piled up in her new rental apartment, and she lacked all will even to tidy up or get moved in. All she could do was lie in bed and stare at the bare ceiling.Those she knew had very quickly found their place in the new order. Whether due to their strength, duties, or friendships, their importance made them irreplaceable.In circumstances such as these, didn't "free" simply mean being someone who no one needed?Just as she had reached this conclusion, her new residence received its first guest — Clorinde the Champion Duelist.The duelist was shocked at Furina's living conditions, quickly expressing her willingness to pay for better accommodations, a notion Furina expended no small amount of effort disabusing her of. Despite this, she was dragged, however reluctantly, into at least properly unpacking and tidying up the room.Clorinde then explained that she was here to invite Furina to a gathering. The duelist rarely took part in social events, but this gathering was one of old friends, who, as it happened, also knew Furina, and whom Clorinde had not seen in a while, anyway, so she thought she'd extend an invitation.In days past, Furina would certainly have refused, for the greater the intimacy of her association with others, the more difficult it would be to conceal her true identity.The duelist smiled as Furina guiltily lifted her eyes, having seemingly already guessed the latter's feelings as well as her old reasons for snubbing such events."I don't suppose you have any reason to refuse now, do you?""Well... I'm not very good at this sort of thing, so, um... Don't you think I'd, you know, be a bit of a wet blanket?"That night, Furina finally got to experience what it was like to revel and drink with friends. In truth, she was cautious at first but was restored to her normal self within two cups — indeed, so much so that at one point Clorinde had to restrain her from leaping onto the table.For someone as reticent as the duelist, the real Furina's explosiveness was quite the surprise.As for Furina, she still knew not where to go, but if nothing else, she now knew that "freedom" did not mean solitude.Salon Solitaire Friendship Lv. 4
Furina once found a relatively unknown book in a library of Fontaine, and the story's main character was a servant working in an opulent mansion.The idealistic young Mademoiselle Crabaletta, following a newspaper advertisement, came to a remote manor in the mountains to apply for employment, and despite her clumsiness, became a maid there all the same.The Master of said mansion did not appear often, and though his loquacious surintendante and etiquette-minded gentilhomme managed it in his absence, she led a carefree life there.None of the manor's attendants had been to the city in quite a long while, and so the maid taught them to sing the latest songs, play the latest tabletop games, and thus the servants grew closer and enjoyed one another's company.There was but one ironclad rule, which was that none should approach the heavy wooden door that led three floors underground, behind which was locked a secret that only the Master of the mansion was privy to.Though the maid was curious, she treasured her vibrant life there too much to pry. Time passed quietly, and one day, they were told by the gentilhomme that the Master was about to visit, and so the servants hurriedly began to prepare.The banquet was akin to a festival, and laughter and cheer filled every corner of the mansion — at least, until the Master was late the second day, and upon investigating, the maid was to discover his already-cold corpse.The Gardes narrowed the suspects down to the servants, but the maid, convinced that the Master's death had something to do with the mansion's secret, at last decided to open that forbidden gate.To her surprise, what awaited her on the other side was the mansion's main hall, upon the central stairs of which stood the all-too-familiar surintendante of the house. The words she spoke, too, were bizarrely known to the maid."Ah, you must be our newest applicant. Crabaletta, I believe?"Furina was quite dumbfounded when she read that, for the story here recalled similar events in her memories.She admired the happy lives of the maid and the other servants, and the maid's courage in facing down the ancient secret to defend that life.Later, Furina dreamt of that same mansion. In her dream, she was Crabaletta, huffing and puffing as she ran to that door of secrets, and, with one deep breath, pushed it open.Behind it was a torrent of seawater that drowned the mansion in an instant, dissolving all in its wake — the Gardes, the surintendante of the house, the gentilhomme, and even herself.Furina woke with a start, looking around her to gather her wits, and the rest of the story sprang to her mind, unbidden...Crabaletta made use of the time loop triggered by opening the door to solve the mystery of the Master's death and discover the mansion's secret, freeing all its inhabitants from an ancient curse."Thank you, Crabaletta."She thanked the brave, stalwart girl for giving that tale a happy ending.And as for several vivid figures from the story, they would eventually be given lovely forms, that they might be by Furina's side.Vision Friendship Lv. 6  •  "The Little Oceanid"
"If you become human, you can reveal your secret to no-one. You will face suffering and loneliness... Is this still what you want?"By a twist of fate, the musical "The Little Oceanid" which nearly died before it could live, got the chance to be performed, and proved a resounding success at the Opera Epiclese.Furina, standing in for the real actress, played the heroine Clio, who sacrificed herself to guide the freshwater upon which human survival depended back to them.According to the script, she was not to take up the Vision that would appear before her as she disappeared, but instead allow it to fall into the ocean depths alone.But during the actual performance, a real Vision appeared, and it belonged to Furina.Visions are usually objects that appear in response to humankind's most fervent wishes, but this one, in particular, seemed more like a reward for her past deeds.As Furina grasped it, its reflected radiance seemed to contain her heart, filled once again by this performance.Performing had, in the past, brought her much pain, to the point where she had turned her back on the stage, but she indubitably understood the glory and brilliance of the stage best of all, and could give those who chase their dreams on the stage her matchless guidance and support.As to the question of what to do next, which had plagued her for so long, she now had a clear answer:To see this world from the perspective of the audience, and create the greatest performances without stepping onstage.No longer would her attention be focused only on musicals — as long as it's related to performance, Furina is interested in taking part from behind the curtain.Also, it is worth mentioning that though she seemed quite calm upon receiving that Vision, so much so that she even managed a few fine words, upon leaving the theater troupe, Furina immediately set off afterward to avenge herself on the "Local Legend" she had once angered by accident... which ended quite poorly for her.She returned home, dejected but not defeated. She spent all night studying her Vision, which ended up causing the entire building to flood.And once she had finally cleaned things up together with the Salon Members, she received a final missive from the apartment manager."No pets allowed in these apartments — not even if they are a Gentilhomme or Surintendante."
Namecard[]


Furina: Banquet




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with FurinaDescription:Can one person eat every cake? If they eat one per day, they should be able to enjoy cake for a week or so, right? But will the cakes stay fresh that long? Hmm... Well, don't worry, because there will be friends coming to eat the cakes together.

Constellation[]
Animula ChoragiStory Chapter:Animula ChoragiMeaning:Little Soul of the Choregos 
Quests and Events[]
Archon QuestsChapter IVAct I: Prelude of Blancheur and NoirceurSoloist's PrologueThe City of Rains and RemembranceLies Cast Shadows Under Gathered LightsAct II: As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonWhen All Return to the WatersAct III: To the Stars Shining in the DepthsA Tea Party Most ThornyAct IV: Cataclysm's QuickeningCalamitous TreadAct V: Masquerade of the GuiltyHunters, ProphetsApocalypseThe Opera of Noirceur and BlancheurStory QuestsAnimula Choragi Chapter (Furina)Act I: "The Little Oceanid"To YesterdayWhither Should the Water Flow?This Life, Just Like a Light Trickle of SongRapperia Chapter (Clorinde)Act I: Silent Night"Judgment Day"Hunters' GatheringBuried HonorVanquishing PhantomsHangout EventsLynetteAct I: Checks & CatsMaskEventsRoses and MusketsAct I: The Crack of Muskets Breaking the SilenceThe Crack of Muskets Breaking the SilenceAct II: Fiction and Reality Inside and Outside the FrameFiction and Reality Inside and Outside the FrameAct III: The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through FogThe Lone Isle Glimpsed Through FogAct IV: Where the Roses BloomWhere the Roses BloomAfterword: The Two Musketeers' TriumphThe Two Musketeers' TriumphVibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring BreezeHustle and BustleWeb EventsVIP Ace DetectiveStarlit LetterSavoring the Breeze
Character Trials[]
QuestsHunters' Gathering in Clorinde's Story Quest, Rapperia Chapter: Act I - Silent NightEventsMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterPurgation CounterstrikeTriumphant FrenzyThe Great Fayz Reaction DebateTest Run EventsFurina, Baizhu, Charlotte, Beidou — 2023-11-08Sigewinne, Furina, Gaming, Rosaria — 2024-06-25
Character Mentions[]
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesNeuvilletteCharacter Story 4Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversArlecchinoAbout Furina Media:VO_Arlecchino About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Arlecchino About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Arlecchino About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Arlecchino About Furina.ogg I asked Lyney to deliver an assortment of cakes for her theater troupe to enjoy during teatime. The children made the cakes themselves as a gesture to express the support and enthusiasm of her "audience." I do hope she enjoys them.CharlotteAbout Furina Media:VO_Charlotte About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Charlotte About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Charlotte About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Charlotte About Furina.ogg Lady Furina has a very captivating presence. She was born to be a star. Euphrasie once assigned a journalist to shadow her, but he quit not long into the assignment... From what I've heard, the reason he left was that Furina insisted on seeing every photo he took of her right away, and she'd make him redo it if she wasn't happy with how it turned out. Apparently, she was so picky that the poor guy once had to take 127 shots of her in the same pose before she was content...ChevreuseAbout Furina Media:VO_Chevreuse About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Chevreuse About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Chevreuse About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Chevreuse About Furina.ogg Lady Furina once ordered us to carry out some sort of... ceremonial musketeer performance. She not only wanted each of us outfitted with special "ceremonial muskets," but she wanted us to practice all sorts of specialized drill formations as well. Luckily, in the end, she couldn't find the right song to pair with the performance and the matter was dropped entirely.ClorindeAbout Furina Media:VO_Clorinde About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Clorinde About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Clorinde About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Clorinde About Furina.ogg In the past, I always stood behind her at tea parties, sword at the ready. But now, I get to sit at the table and enjoy the tea and treats along with her.I'm now beginning to understand why she complains all the time about how hard it is to maintain her physique.FreminetAbout Furina: Avoiding the Question Media:VO_Freminet About Furina - Avoiding the Question.ogg Media:VO ZH_Freminet About Furina - Avoiding the Question.ogg Media:VO JA_Freminet About Furina - Avoiding the Question.ogg Media:VO KO_Freminet About Furina - Avoiding the Question.ogg Uh... I'm in no position to give a well-rounded opinion on the Hydro Archon, so... I'll pass. I mean, I've only seen her a few times... so I'm sure I have a somewhat skewed view of her.About Furina: Verdict Media:VO_Freminet About Furina - Verdict.ogg Media:VO ZH_Freminet About Furina - Verdict.ogg Media:VO JA_Freminet About Furina - Verdict.ogg Media:VO KO_Freminet About Furina - Verdict.ogg ...Okay fine. I've seen what the Hydro Archon's like when she's sitting in the audience. In my view, she's a very charismatic speaker, but it's her silences that intrigue me more. Her eyes... they're like the darkness at the bottom of the ocean. Hiding a deep secret, afraid of anyone ever getting close to her... Ah! Sorry, I... I let my imagination get the better of me.LynetteAbout Furina Media:VO_Lynette About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette About Furina.ogg Lady Furina's behavior is incredibly hard to explain, and I can't discern any useful intelligence from observing her. I always feel like her every move and action is an act, and she is playing different people... She truly is an Archon, one cannot apply the logic of ordinary humans to her.LyneyAbout Furina Media:VO_Lyney About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lyney About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Lyney About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Lyney About Furina.ogg The Hydro Archon, Lady Furina, is very unpredictable, and her manner of speech can be quite provocative, almost as if she sees talking itself like some sort of performance. The people of Fontaine have a particular soft spot for excitement and drama, which is why many hold her in high esteem.NahidaAbout Furina Media:VO_Nahida About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nahida About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Nahida About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Nahida About Furina.ogg People often say that wisdom isn't about what you know, but knowing what you can change. It is beyond question that the "prophecy" was carved into Irminsul long ago... and while it may look like nothing has changed, it also seems like everything has. I think we both know her to be smart enough to turn the fate of the world around.NaviaAbout Furina Media:VO_Navia About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Navia About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Navia About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Navia About Furina.ogg I was lucky enough to catch her in an opera when I was young. Even though it was a charity show, the tickets were nearly impossible to get! She was performing in character then, but I thought she seemed more in her element then than she ever did as an Archon, giving speeches up in the opera box... Looking back, I guess my intuition was right.NeuvilletteSomething to Share: Laws Media:VO_Neuvillette Something to Share - Laws.ogg Media:VO ZH_Neuvillette Something to Share - Laws.ogg Media:VO JA_Neuvillette Something to Share - Laws.ogg Media:VO KO_Neuvillette Something to Share - Laws.ogg Fontaine does have some rather intriguing laws on its books. For instance, "it is forbidden to release any flying objects during the first three days of each month," "during the dry season, all bivalves that wash ashore belong to the Hydro Archon, while other mollusks belong to the people," "no domestic pets shall be named after Furina," "tomato ketchup is to be consumed in restaurants only as a condiment, never on its own," and, finally, "Melusines are to be addressed using she/her pronouns, never the impersonal it/its"... That last one was my personal contribution.About Furina Media:VO_Neuvillette About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Neuvillette About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Neuvillette About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Neuvillette About Furina.ogg Now, the curtain has finally fallen on her "performance"... The character she portrayed was an imaginary one, yet in playing that role she fulfilled her duties... Though she is meek and full of doubt by nature, she was able to use madness to stiffen her resolve and see her duty through to its conclusion. The work that she has done over the centuries is truly immense. If she were to ever make a return to the stage, I should personally attend the performance and give her my heartfelt applause... Yes, I must do so when the opportunity arises.Raiden EiAbout Furina Media:VO_Raiden Ei About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Raiden Ei About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Raiden Ei About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Raiden Ei About Furina.ogg For five centuries I dueled the Raiden Shogun in my personal realm of consciousness, to confirm the steadfastness of my will. Yet this Furina you speak of, though possessing only a frail human body, committed herself to acting out her part every second of every day for five hundred years — a true battle of the spirit. Her willpower has indeed reached the level of a god.VentiAbout Furina Media:VO_Venti About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Venti About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Venti About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Venti About Furina.ogg A bard must be versed in both music and song, but a stage performer requires far more skills than just these... Hey, don't you think we should invite her over to put on a show at the next Windblume Festival? ...Huh? You want me to talk about how she saved Fontaine? Well, I mean, she's such a talented artiste, it's no wonder. I wouldn't be surprised even if she'd saved the entire world.WriothesleyAbout Furina Media:VO_Wriothesley About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Wriothesley About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Wriothesley About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Wriothesley About Furina.ogg Miss Furina displayed a severe lack of interest in my trial and excused herself early, probably because I pleaded guilty to all charges as soon as they were announced. Disappointing the Hydro Archon is a big deal, so... suppose I've got no choice but to keep gifting her copious amounts of the highest quality tea.ZhongliAbout Furina Media:VO_Zhongli About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Zhongli About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Zhongli About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Zhongli About Furina.ogg She made a contract with her own self to save the nation, strictly adhered to it for over five centuries without once wavering, and even fooled the Heavenly Principles in the end... I have great respect for approaches to justice that place exacting demands not only on others, but also on the self. Though her divinity has vanished and the throne of the Archon is no more, Furina will go down in Fontaine's history as a God of Justice worthy of recognition.MailsSenderMailsNeuvilletteMerusea Village... (Birthday Mail)
Trivia[]
Furina's singing voice in This Life, Just Like a Light Trickle of Song in Furina's Story Quest, Animula Choragi Chapter: Act I - "The Little Oceanid" was provided by Cécilia Cara for all four voiced languages.[5][6][7][8]
Furina wields the Splendor of Tranquil Waters in her portrait art and the Version 4.2 Trailer.
Furina is the first character since Version 1.3 to receive a Character Introduction Illustration whose base artwork is significantly different from that of her Wish Artwork.
Furina is the first character to exhibit a number of mechanics enabled by her atypical Charged Attack, which are as follows:
She can switch between the two Arkhe alignments.
She can change her outfit as seen in menus without using the Dressing Room.
Her Charged Attack is not preceded by a Normal Attack, a trait that is otherwise not found among most characters who use swords, polearms, or stances that share the features of sword and polearm attacks.
Furina is one of only two characters who can cause the surface of any unfrozen body of water to be treated as if it were land for all of her own normal character actions, such as executing Plunging Attacks and taking fall damage. She does this through her Elemental Skill, Salon Solitaire. This mechanic was first introduced with Sangonomiya Kokomi's Elemental Burst.
Furina is the first to be able to treat unfrozen water as land for an infinite uninterrupted amount of time.
When Furina leaps out of water, the trail of water behind her sparkles.
Furina is one of the few characters that players witness receiving a Vision, the first one being Rana, or the Wanderer when considering only playable characters.
Her Vision has a unique design, which contains elements of both the Pneuma and Ousia vision cases. The Vision case also features four claw-like prongs that hold the Vision's gem in place.
Furina is one of the few currently playable characters who acknowledges or even seems aware that the Traveler is from another world.[9]
Furina's Constellation has her self-portrait, similar to the Traveler, Wanderer, and the playable Archons.
Before completing Furina's Story Quest Animula Choragi Chapter: Act I - "The Little Oceanid", her Profile section lists the source of her Hydro powers as "???". After completing it, the power source is revealed to be "Vision."
Furina is likely ambidextrous, due to her wielding her sword with both hands depending on the circumstances:
She wields her sword with her left hand when performing her Normal Attack and the Ousia variant of her Elemental Skill.
She wields her sword with her right hand when performing her Charged Attack and Plunging Attack.
Furina shares her Chinese voice actress, Qian Chen, with Robin from Honkai: Star Rail.
Furina shares her Korean voice actress, Kim Ha-yeong, with Sucrose.
Furina's birthday is a public holiday in Fontaine and remains as such even after her abdication as Hydro Archon.[10]
Etymology[]
Furrina, also spelled Furina, is the Roman goddess of springs.
Her predecessor, Egeria, is also named after a Roman goddess.
Furina's surname, de Fontaine, features the French nobiliary particle de to denote her noble origins.
Other Languages[]
Character Title: Endless Solo of Solitude[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishEndless Solo of Solitude—Chinese(Simplified)不休独舞Bùxiū DúwǔEndless Dance of SolitudeChinese(Traditional)不休獨舞Bùxiū DúwǔJapanese不休のソリストFukyuu no SorisutoNever-Resting SoloistKorean멈추지 않는 독무Meomchuji Anneun DongmuStanchless Solo DanceSpanishLa Bailarina IncansableThe Untiring DancerFrenchSolo infini de solitudeEndless Solo of SolitudeRussianБесконечный танец одиночестваBeskonechnyy tanets odinochestvaEndless Dance of SolitudeThaiระบำเดียวดายชั่วนิรันดร์Rabam Diao Dai Shua NiranForever Dancing in SolitudeVietnameseĐộc Diễn Vô TậnGermanEndloser SolotanzEndless Solo DanceIndonesianEndless Solo of Solitude—PortugueseDançarina Solitária EternaEternal Solitary DancerTurkishEbedi Yalnızlık SenfonisiEndless Symphony of SolitudeItalianAssolo solitario e sempiternoSolitary and Eternal Solo
References[]

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Furina

↑ Furina's Voice-Over: When It Rains

↑ Furina's Voice-Over: About The Knave

↑ Story Quest Act, Furina, Animula Choragi Chapter: Act I: "The Little Oceanid"

↑ YouTube: Story Teaser: La vaguelette

↑ YouTube: 《原神》剧情PV-「轻涟」

↑ YouTube: Story Teaser: La vaguelette (Japanese)

↑ YouTube: 원신 | 스토리 PV-「잔물결」

↑ Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act V - Masquerade of the Guilty, Part 4: Apocalypse

↑ Mail, Neuvillette: Merusea Village...


Navigation[]
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story
2 Combat
3 Navigation


Story[]

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Furina Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Hello.ogg Why are you just standing there with your mouth gaping? Ah, you must be stunned and at a loss for words... Understandable, it is I after all... Fontaine's most beloved star, Furina. I'm on a very tight schedule, so you're lucky to even get an appointment with me.
Chat: Tea PartyChat: Tea PartyMedia:VO_Furina Chat - Tea Party.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Chat_-_Tea_Party.ogg Tea parties are a must for the well-mannered. If you'd like to learn the proper etiquette, I'd be happy to teach you.
Chat: FunChat: FunMedia:VO_Furina Chat - Fun.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Chat_-_Fun.ogg Boring... Isn't there anything else more interesting to do?
Chat: PopularityChat: PopularityMedia:VO_Furina Chat - Popularity.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Chat_-_Popularity.ogg *sigh* Being too popular can be such a hassle. Who knew the people would adore me so much?
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Furina When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_When_It_Rains.ogg It's pouring out here! Wait, the water levels aren't rising, are they?
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Furina When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_When_It_Snows.ogg Wow, this would be the perfect location for shooting a film.
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Furina When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg The sun feels almost as hot as those studio lights I'm in front of all the time... Good thing there can only be one sun.
When the Wind Is BlowingWhen the Wind Is BlowingMedia:VO_Furina When the Wind Is Blowing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_When_the_Wind_Is_Blowing.ogg "Listen, there is a disturbing growling in the wind. That's the sound of a long-forgotten sea monster having a nightmare." Huh? Why is it having a nightmare? Uh... I dunno, because fear has to manifest itself somehow?
In the DesertIn the DesertMedia:VO_Furina In the Desert.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_In_the_Desert.ogg What a wild and desolate sight... Allow me to grant you the blessing of water!
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Furina Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Good_Morning.ogg Good morning... Must I really get up this early? Just let me sleep a little longer...
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Furina Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Good_Afternoon.ogg Good afternoon! Where's my cake? What? I just had cake for breakfast? Well, I think it's been long enough!
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Furina Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Good_Evening.ogg Good evening. *sigh* Mademoiselle Crabaletta has been muttering about getting in shape lately and even said that she wanted to drag me along with her. Hmph, I'm already eating much healthier than last month. I work very hard to maintain my figure. Hey, you can tell, can't you!?
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Furina Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Good_Night.ogg Whew, I'm getting sleepy myself. See you tomorrow. Remember to wake me up on time...
About Furina: BestiesAbout Furina: BestiesMedia:VO_Furina About Furina - Besties.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_Furina_-_Besties.ogg Hmm? Who are these people at the tea party? Why, they are my loyal followers of course! *sigh* Alright, I suppose I'll introduce them to you. This is Mademoiselle Crabaletta, my most adorable maid... although she accidentally cuts my outfits from time to time... This is Surintendante Chevalmarin, my reliable housekeeper who keeps my busy life in order. And finally, the one keeping everybody in line is Gentilhomme Usher, my loyal conferencier. Hehe, I may have allowed you to participate in my tea party, but you'll still need to work hard to gain their approval!
About Furina: Singing Friendship Lv. 4About Furina: Singing Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Furina About Furina - Singing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_Furina_-_Singing.ogg I'm very confident in my singing skills, but there aren't many pieces of music that are worthy of my vocal prowess. I hope the creatives in the theater troupe get their act together and don't keep me waiting in vain...
About Us: RelationshipsAbout Us: RelationshipsMedia:VO_Furina About Us - Relationships.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_Us_-_Relationships.ogg *sigh* Given that we know each other, you may relax a little and needn't act so respectfully in my presence. Wait, what's that expression on your face? Don't tell me that you've never respected me from the very beginning!?
About Us: Our Story Together Friendship Lv. 6 "The Little Oceanid"About Us: Our Story Together Friendship Lv. 6 "The Little Oceanid"Media:VO_Furina About Us - Our Story Together.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_Us_-_Our_Story_Together.ogg My story has already come to an end, and so the next act shall be about OUR story... In which case, we should probably start charging double for public appearances... Oh, I'm so happy!
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4 "The Little Oceanid"About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4 "The Little Oceanid"Media:VO_Furina About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_the_Vision.ogg Once the ancient prophecy came to an end and everything was over, I fell into low spirits for a very long time. People who stand on the stage basking in the adulation of their audience must also bear the pressures of being in the public eye and living up to everyone's expectations. But I knew very well my person wouldn't be enough, and that putting on the act of a god would be able the only way to satisfy their adoration... And at the end of the day, all I ever experienced was loneliness. So there came a point when I loathed the very thought of acting and locked myself in my room. It wasn't until the moment I stood on stage and faced the audience again that I realized the anxiety in my heart had dissipated. The reason I can now stand before the crowd's watchful gaze is perhaps because... I have finally started to act as myself.
Something to Share: OperaSomething to Share: OperaMedia:VO_Furina Something to Share - Opera.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Something_to_Share_-_Opera.ogg Fontaine's opera house has seen several reforms, and with each reform, opposition was to be expected. As I remember, crowds would often gather in the opera house making a ruckus... That one time, it became so loud my ears were ringing. I frightened them by stating, "I forbid anyone from discussing such pointless matters!", I clearly remember Neuvillette tapping his cane on the ground at that precise moment while the whole place immediately fell silent. Sometimes I can't help but inadvertently show my intimidating side... I hope my people understands.  [sic]
Interesting Things: LumitoileInteresting Things: LumitoileMedia:VO_Furina Interesting Things - Lumitoile.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Interesting_Things_-_Lumitoile.ogg I really like the Lumitoile. Those creatures can glow and shine even in places where no one sees them... That's what I call a true "star." Ah, if only there were an opera about the Lumitoile, then I could literally play the role of a lovely rogue starfish on stage.
About Lyney and Lynette Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Lyney and Lynette Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Furina About Lyney and Lynette.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_Lyney_and_Lynette.ogg Of course I know Lyney and Lynette. I used to frequently attend their magic shows. Though they're very popular, they're still much less popular than me. Only my performances would draw a completely sold-out crowd... even standing tickets would be out. But now... Uh... I've already decided to hang up my acting career, so it's perfectly normal for my popularity to decline!
About Neuvillette Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Neuvillette Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Furina About Neuvillette.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_Neuvillette.ogg I'm very grateful to Neuvillette for all the hard work he's done for Fontaine in the past few centuries. It seems he doesn't intend to investigate my crimes of deceiving the people. Anyway, we're no longer working in tandem, and it's been a long time since I've been to the Palais Mermonia. I imagine that this is good for both of us, right?
About Navia: Desserts Friendship Lv. 4About Navia: Desserts Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Furina About Navia - Desserts.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_Navia_-_Desserts.ogg Have you tried Navia's macarons? I have to admit that her skills in dessert-making are comparable to mine. The design she paints on the macarons is so cute, don't you think? Not to mention the texture and sweetness... They truly are a work of art! How does she do it? Does it really all boil down to talent? Ugh, I can't believe I'm feeling a little jealous... I'll have to ask her for some tips next time!
About Navia: Inner Thoughts Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonAbout Navia: Inner Thoughts Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMedia:VO_Furina About Navia - Inner Thoughts.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_Navia_-_Inner_Thoughts.ogg She's a very strong person. Strong people will always manage to keep themselves together no matter what happens, acting like everything is fine. Doing so prevents other people around them from needlessly bearing additional pressure. I saw the duel between Callas and Clorinde... and I can say that in this respect, Navia is becoming more and more like her father.
About The Knave Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningAbout The Knave Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningMedia:VO_Furina About The Knave.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_The_Knave.ogg The Knave? W-Who's that? Oh... Uh, I'd already forgotten about her... Keeping such a terrible figure like her in your mind will only give you nightmares.
About Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Furina About Charlotte.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_Charlotte.ogg I've often seen Charlotte busily running back and forth lately. She still seems to be hoping to arrange an exclusive interview with me. No matter how many times I refuse, she still hasn't given up. To be honest, her persistence made me angry at first... but then she told me with a resolute look in her eyes that she wanted to let people understand the real Furina, and that she believed people would understand my troubles. I don't know how to respond to her kind intentions... I suppose she might be right, but I'm just not ready yet...
About Wriothesley Friendship Lv. 4About Wriothesley Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Furina About Wriothesley.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_Wriothesley.ogg I haven't communicated with him much, but Neuvillette claims he's trustworthy, so I suppose he must be a good person. Oh, come to think of it, I've received some tea from Wriothesley before and it was exquisite!
About Clorinde Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Clorinde Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Furina About Clorinde.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_About_Clorinde.ogg As I remember, Clorinde isn't very talkative, but she has stood by me and protected me on several occasions, so I trust her very much. Hmm... I do miss her ever so slightly, but I don't have any real reason to see her now. Oh, right! I should invite her to my next tea party!
More About Furina: IMore About Furina: IMedia:VO_Furina More About Furina - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_More_About_Furina_-_01.ogg You're interested in hearing about me? *sigh* I suppose there's no helping that... After all, I was once the biggest celebrity of all Fontaine! Every day, countless journalists would come flocking around me, trying to get the inside scoop on my personal life, so I have loads of experience rejecting them. Of course, I don't intend to use this experience on you. With the right delicacies, I might be willing to exchange some of my secrets.
More About Furina: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Furina: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Furina More About Furina - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_More_About_Furina_-_02.ogg Someone recently recommended me to try surfing, so I went and gave it a shot. Keeping balance on the rolling waves was a little tricky at first, but I managed to get the hang of it pretty quickly. Maybe I'm just a natural surfer... Anyway, feeling the wind and waves up close and riding along the horizon was rather amazing. You should give it a try!
More About Furina: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Furina: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Furina More About Furina - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_More_About_Furina_-_03.ogg If you have time, could you tell me more about your journey? I would love to hear all your fantastic stories. How should I put it... I easily feel interested in all kinds of things, but it isn't long before I feel bored again. Perhaps the more easily enthusiasm sparks, the more quickly it fades. But, when I'm with you, I seem to constantly feel happy... Such an amazing feeling!
More About Furina: IV Friendship Lv. 5 "The Little Oceanid"More About Furina: IV Friendship Lv. 5 "The Little Oceanid"Media:VO_Furina More About Furina - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_More_About_Furina_-_04.ogg Recently, I've been wondering if I've been a little too hard on myself in the past. In my efforts to maintain the reserved manner of a deity, I never got the chance to enjoy my life, which is why I've become obsessed with shopping lately. I've bought many new precious things... like dazzling rainbow-colored tea bags, fully-automated extendable cutlery, and a saddle specially made for riding Seahorses... But in the end, I realized that most of the stuff I bought was useless, so I sent them all to the troupe to be used as props in performances. Strange... before I bought those things, I was certain they would all be of good use to me...
More About Furina: V Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyMore About Furina: V Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Furina More About Furina - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_More_About_Furina_-_05.ogg People love talking about the past and often regret the beautiful things that have now faded into history. They also love to talk about the future, as if they're willing to sacrifice everything for an uncertain tomorrow. I don't agree with their way of thinking, yet I also feel very envious... I once lived in a world without a past or a future. To cope with that anxiety, I tried to create and act out a stronger, more god-like version of myself. Over the centuries, the stronger role I tried to play gradually merged with my real self. Even I can't separate the two now... but perhaps there's no need to distinguish them. Experiences of the past have formed who I am now, and that flawed performance has also become the most important part of me.
Furina's HobbiesFurina's HobbiesMedia:VO_Furina Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Hobbies.ogg The Queen's Crown still doesn't have a sequel yet? Pity, a classic like that where justice overcomes evil never gets old.
Furina's TroublesFurina's TroublesMedia:VO_Furina Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Troubles.ogg Hmm, what sauce should I pick for my macaroni tonight?
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Furina Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Favorite_Food.ogg No one complains about exquisite confectioneries, but it'll take a lot of effort to make some that I like. Listen carefully, desserts are like operas... Everything from choosing the characters to imagining the setting requires a lot of effort in order to make the final performance a hit!
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Furina Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg Simply put, I detest most of those "creative" dishes. I have tasted many wonderful dishes throughout the years which did nothing but leave me with some moments that I never want to look back on.
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Furina Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg Oh? What a rich aroma and delicate texture... I didn't expect you to be such an accomplished cook... with refined taste, as well!
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Furina Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg Too ordinary! Hmph, such an uninspired dish will never have my approval!
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Furina Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Ugh. Is this what you usually eat? *sigh* Seems I'll have to share some of my macaroni with you.
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Furina Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Birthday.ogg Happy Birthday! Here, please take this ticket as your gift. It's a VIP seat to see Happy Day, just don't forget to show up to the performance! Hmm? What's "Happy Day"? *sigh* Well, I wanted to keep it a surprise... But it's an opera that I've rehearsed personally. It's about a big group of people that gather together to celebrate a certain very important person. You understand now, right? Just don't forget to come!
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Furina Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg I'm really not accustomed to using a Vision. Why don't you teach me? Ah, I nearly forgot... you've never used a Vision either.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Furina Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg The strength gained through my own hard work is truly fulfilling. Hehe, thanks for your support.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Furina Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg That's more like it! As expected, my dazzling side comes through in any situation.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Furina Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg I didn't know you cared so much about me. Does that mean that you still need my power? But given the way I am now... there's a chance I won't be able to give you everything you need. Hmm? All you really care about is... me? In that case, then let us act out our future journey together!
Combat[]
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Furina Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Shower me with praise!Media:VO Furina Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Strike a pose!Media:VO Furina Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Yoo-hoo~!Media:VO Furina Elemental Skill 1 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Elemental_Skill_1_04.ogg The show begins.Media:VO Furina Elemental Skill 1 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Elemental_Skill_1_05.ogg How brilliant.Media:VO Furina Elemental Skill 1 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Elemental_Skill_1_06.ogg May I present...!Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Furina Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Let the world come alive, hehe!Media:VO Furina Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Time to shine!Media:VO Furina Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Let my name echo in song!Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Furina Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Furina Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Furina Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndFurina does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Furina Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Furina Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Furina Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Furina Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg What a pleasant surprise, truly an extra slice of joy.Media:VO Furina Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg Take it... *sigh* Go on, you have my approval!Media:VO Furina Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Splendid! More interesting trinkets for me.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Furina Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Low_HP_01.ogg Let's call a ceasefire...Media:VO Furina Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Low_HP_02.ogg This is trouble!Media:VO Furina Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Low_HP_03.ogg Ah! Someone help me!Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Furina Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Witness my power!Media:VO Furina Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg My turn to take the spotlight!FallenFallenMedia:VO Furina Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Fallen_01.ogg Am I... free?Media:VO Furina Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Fallen_02.ogg I still... couldn't do it...Media:VO Furina Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Fallen_03.ogg Don't look at me... like this...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Furina Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Furina Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Furina Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Furina Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Furina Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Furina Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Furina Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg How dare you!?Media:VO Furina Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Stop that!Media:VO Furina Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Furina Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Furina Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Furina Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Furina Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Joining_Party_01.ogg I knew you'd miss me.Media:VO Furina Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Joining_Party_02.ogg I have high hopes for this journey!Media:VO Furina Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Joining_Party_03.ogg Witness my magnificence!Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Media:VO Furina Standby 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Standby_02.ogg Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Furina Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Furina Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Furina Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Furina Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Furina Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Furina Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Furina Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Furina Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Furina Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Furina Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Furina Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Furina Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Furina Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg Plunging AttackPlunging AttackMedia:VO Furina Plunging Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Plunging_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Furina Plunging Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Plunging_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Furina Plunging Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Plunging_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Furina Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Furina Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Furina Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Furina Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Furina Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Furina Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Furina Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Furina Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Furina Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Furina Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Furina Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Furina_Jumping_05.ogg 
Navigation[]
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Furina










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Furina can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining her and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 Court of Justice's Fresh Mist
4.2 Garb for Glorious Gourmet


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets[]
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Furina has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsGarb for Glorious Gourmet 20 2 20,000Court of Justice's Fresh Mist 20 1 20,000
Idle Quotes[]

 My timeslots...
 I'd like to go shopping...
 So lively...
 Performances...
 A tea party...
(When the player is nearby)
 Interesting new...
 It's said that...

Dialogue[]

Media:vo furina mimitomo hello 01.ogg Furina: They say that people who have lost their sense of joy are like withered flowers.
Media:vo furina mimitomo hello 02.ogg Furina: I, of course, must continue to blossom for as long as possible. So, it falls to you to entertain me with a thrilling conversation!
 How do you like it here?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Furina: I like it a lot. The view here is amazing wherever you look, and the weather is quite pleasant. One would be hard-pressed to find a better location for a vacation.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Furina: I had no idea that you'd purchased such an enormous plot of land... And it's amazing what you've done with the place. You must have put a lot of time and thought into it.
 Well, I didn't "purchase" it, exactly...
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Furina: Oh, I remember now... Some kind of mystic art from Liyue, was it? However did they do it?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Furina: I'd really love to take this teapot apart and learn more about it. Although, I'm not too confident that I'd be able to put it back together correctly afterwards... On second thought, forget I said anything.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Furina: This place is truly fascinating. It seems to be brimming with infinite possibilities... The only downside is how quiet and secluded it is. Don't you ever get lonely, living here by yourself?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Furina: There must be a way you could liven things up a little here. Hmm... Ah, yes — how about hosting a ball here? I'm sure Fontaine's social elite would jump at the chance to fraternize with you. They'd flock here in droves, and everyone would be singing and dancing to their hearts' content.
 I see this place more as a private home.
 I prefer to only bring my closest companions here.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Furina: Oh, uh... I—I see. Then... in that case, let's organize a smaller-scale private dance!
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Furina: You don't need to invite throngs of people, or put up fancy decorations. We can simply let the world be our stage, and dance whenever and wherever the mood takes us.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg Furina: ...Well come on, don't just stand there! Take some initiative!
 May I invite you to dance?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg Furina: 'Twould be my pleasure. ...Um... You do know how to dance, don't you...?
 Oh, that...
 ...Kind of?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 11.ogg Furina: Alright, just take my hand. Now, relax your arms a little, and stand with your feet a shoulder-width apart.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship1 12.ogg Furina: Once we start, just follow my lead and you'll be fine. Don't worry — I'm the brightest star in all of Fontaine. You're in good hands.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Furina: A chat, you say... A simple word, but a fascinating idea.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Furina: Through the power of words, people who are worlds apart can come to understand one another's innermost thoughts.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Furina: But conversations can come with a great risk as well. The deeper you let someone in, the more deeply they can wound you...
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Furina: That's why people are just as afraid of intimacy as they are of being alone.
 I wasn't expecting you to start philosophizing on the human condition...
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Furina: Hey! I just gave a very moving speech! Is that all you can say!?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Furina: When one is blessed with both beauty and depth as I am, one naturally has many musings on the vicissitudes of life. All the best moments in opera are grounded in real-life observation.
 So... you're not a fan of chatting?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Furina: I didn't mean that... It popped into my head, that's all: "People are just as afraid of intimacy as they are of being alone." And I thought wow, that's a good line...
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Furina: Surely you've had that before too? You know, where you really wanna say something profound that makes everyone go: "Wow. That was deep."
 ...Okay, yeah. I've done that before.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09a 1.ogg Furina: Good! I appreciate your honesty. All it means is that you're well-suited to stand under the spotlight.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09a 2.ogg Furina: I've played so many solo performances in the past that I've gotten a bit bored of them. Why don't you join me? We can be a protagonist duo, and expand our repertoire...
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09a 3.ogg Furina: Let me think for a second... What shows are popular right now that have a good role for you?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09a 4.ogg Furina: Ooh, I know! I saw a pretty decent opera the other day. Why don't we practise a few scenes together? C'mon, I'll do your makeup, we'll make it a dress rehearsal!
 Nope, never.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 1.ogg Furina: Are you serious? Surely I can't be the only one... No, nononono. I bet you just haven't realized how fun it is yet.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 2.ogg Furina: Why don't you give it a try? Just focus on what your feelings are telling you, and try to articulate that in a serious-sounding way.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 3.ogg Furina: Technically, it counts as a kind of performance — but don't let that get to you, there's no pressure. Just say whatever words come into your mind!
 "Life... is like a play that never ends."
 "As a prisoner in the Fortress of Meropide longs for the light of day, so is my yearning."
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 4.ogg Furina: Hmm... How should I put this... That was pretty good, for an beginner.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 5.ogg Furina: Starting out is always the hardest part. Keep practising, and before you know it you'll be able to show all the sides of yourself that no one's ever seen before. Just like me.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 6.ogg Furina: When that time comes, we can rehearse together, maybe even work on a new script together. A lot of classics were made that way, you know. And doesn't it sound like fun?
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Furina: Mmm... Heh... There are probably as many things that I want to do right now as there are stars in the sky.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Furina: I think my top priority, though, would be to add some more furnishings to this place.
 Oh... You don't like how this place currently looks?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Furina: Hey, don't be upset...! I never said there was anything wrong with this place as it stands...
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Furina: However... Pretty furnishings are like extra outfits in the wardrobe — you can never have too many of them.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Furina: That's especially true for tea parties. You've got to switch up the furnishings and decorations every now and then to keep things fresh and new.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Furina: A lot of people might say that it's best to stick to what's tried and tested, but I think it's possible to respect tradition while trying something new at the same time.
 That was great! Didn't know you had it in you.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 07a.ogg Furina: I'm glad you appreciate my point of view. That tells me that you're an interesting person as well.
 You really are a fount of wisdom, Furina!
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 07b.ogg Furina: Hehe, well, when it comes to things I'm interested in, I don't mind putting in the time to become the most knowledgeable person in the topic.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Furina: Anyway, since I brought up the idea of getting some more furnishings, let me provide the funds.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Furina: Don't worry, Surintendante Chevalmarin hasn't approached me about my overspending so far this month. Which means, I still have plenty of Mora left in my private reserve.
 You... overspend a lot?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 10a 1.ogg Furina: Uh... I—I mean, what choice do I have...? There are so many lovely and fascinating things in the world, one simply has to have them...
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 10a 2.ogg Furina: *sigh* Alright, yes, I should rein in my spending habits a little... Starting from next month!
 Your "private reserve"?
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 10b 1.ogg Furina: Ah, I just mean my savings from my performance fees. I thought I'd mentioned it to you before, no? I've done the occasional paid performance over the past few centuries, and it all added up, so I do have some personal savings.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 10b 2.ogg Furina: I turned the whole pot over to Surintendante Chevalmarin to manage. She's a lot better at investments and trading than me.
Media:vo furina mimitomo friendship3 10b 3.ogg Furina: I shouldn't have to worry about my finances for quite some time. So even though Surintendante Chevalmarin makes a budget for me each month, it doesn't matter if I spend a little extra now and then.
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Good morning, Furina.
Media:vo furina mimitomo morning 01.ogg Furina: Good morning. Huh... that came around quickly.
Media:vo furina mimitomo morning 02.ogg Furina: I must have slept exceptionally well last night. Shall we head out and have some fun today...?
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Furina.
Media:vo furina mimitomo night 01.ogg Furina: Good night. Phew... I often find that in the stillness of the night, all my troubles come back to haunt me.
Media:vo furina mimitomo night 02.ogg Furina: You know what? I'm not going to dwell over them anymore! Let's just get some rest.

Special Dialogue[]
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

Court of Justice's Fresh Mist[]

Media:vo mimitomo fd furina lucine 01.ogg Furina: Ah, yet another view that evokes for me the times when I graced the stage of the Opera Epiclese.
Media:vo mimitomo fd furina lucine 02.ogg Furina: Ahem! Aah~ Aah Aah Aaah~~~
Media:vo mimitomo fd furina lucine 03.ogg Furina: You seem... perplexed? Hmph, the mist from the fountain is my curtain, the abundant blossoms my stage: A star performer is always ready to sing for an adoring crowd, wheresoever she may roam.

Garb for Glorious Gourmet[]

Media:vo mimitomo fd furina hotelgenre 01.ogg Furina: Ooh, this is quite snazzy. You've clearly done your research on venues to entertain guests in Fontaine.
Media:vo mimitomo fd furina hotelgenre 02.ogg Furina: Ahem... But naturally, I've seen it all before, so I'm a little harder to impress than most...
Media:vo mimitomo fd furina hotelgenre 03.ogg Furina: Do join me for afternoon tea. I'll have Mademoiselle Crabaletta serve us cakes.

Change History[]
Released in Version 4.2[Edit History]Version 4.3
The following Furnishing Sets were assigned as favorite for this character:
Court of Justice's Fresh Mist
Garb for Glorious Gourmet

Version 4.2

Furina/Companion was released.
Navigation[]
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






