As the Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing, she is someone who seeks her own answers instead of idly letting chaos run amok in Liyue. She chooses her own path with her own power and ability, instead of letting the gods determine her fate.





Piercing Thunderbolt





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Keqing


De­scrip­tion
Keqing's outfit. A formidable-looking dress made using luxurious materials.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


Piercing Thunderbolt is Keqing's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance

1.1 Glowing Ornaments


2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
Keqing's hair is tied into waist-length twin-tails, topped by small odango-style buns resembling horns. There is also a small braid running along the side of her bangs.
Keqing wears a pale lavender top with a high violet collar and ruffled dark blue skirt, layered under a deep violet overcoat, engraved with xiangyun and peacock motifs. On her legs, she wears translucent dark tights with gold ornaments: on her left thigh and just below her right knee. The opening of her overcoat is marked by a golden ornament, with white flowers and purple and gold-accented feathers attached. The pattern of the feathers resembles the ones on the dangling backs of her detached long sleeves. In addition, she wears a golden hairpin, a pair of drop earrings, a tasseled choker, and dark gloves with lavender trim.

Glowing Ornaments[]
While wearing  Piercing Thunderbolt, when Keqing's Elemental Burst is ready, the purple gem at the base of the brooch on her front will glow along with her Vision.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Keqing 1.mp4      Media:Idle Keqing 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Keqing.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Keqing.mp4      Media:Party Setup Keqing.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishPiercing Thunderbolt—Chinese(Simplified)雷雳寰宇Léi lì huányǔChinese(Traditional)雷靂寰宇Léi lì huányǔJapanese天に轟く雷霆Ten ni Todoroku RaiteiThunder Roaring in the SkyKorean울려퍼지는 뇌음Ulryeopeojineun NoeeumResonating ThunderSpanishTrueno lacerantePiercing ThunderFrenchÉclair perçantPiercing ThunderboltRussianРаскаты громаRaskaty gromaThunderclapsThaiสายฟ้าในห้วงจักรวาลSaifa nai huang chakrawanLightning Amidst the Vast UniverseVietnameseVùng Trời Sấm SétThundery SkyGermanSchriller BlitzShrill LightningIndonesianPiercing Thunderbolt—PortugueseTrovões EstremecedoresShuddering ThundersTurkishDelici YıldırımPiercing LightningItalianSaetta perforantePiercing Lightning
Change History[]
Released in Version 1.0[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes











Opulent Splendor





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Themed


Char­ac­ter
Keqing


Quality



De­scrip­tion
Keqing's formal wear. Amidst the beautiful dawn of the Lantern Rite, the threads weaved by days of hard work intertwine into a light yet magnificent appearance.


How to Obtain
Character Outfit Shop


Opulent Splendor is a 4-Star Character Outfit for Keqing. It is purchasable from the Character Outfit Shop.
During Version 2.4, Opulent Splendor was available at a limited-time discount of  Genesis Crystal ×1,350. In Version 2.5, its cost was increased to  Genesis Crystal ×1,680.

Contents

1 Appearance
2 Description
3 Voice-Overs
4 Outfit Showcase
5 Gallery

5.1 In-Game Assets
5.2 Animations
5.3 Turnarounds


6 Other Languages
7 Change History
8 Navigation


Appearance[]
Keqing's hair is tied into waist-length twin-tails, topped by small odango-style buns resembling cat ears. They are tied with blue-indigo ribbons that turn black at the ends. These buns sit and point a little lower than the ones she wears in her default outfit, Piercing Thunderbolt.
Keqing wears a strapless dress with a glittering black top and layered skirt in shades of blue and indigo. She also wears a loose shawl in an indigo gradient, which has straps crossed at the upper back and met in front along with a black bow, appearing as if it was a separate collar. Her Vision is worn on the intersection of the straps at her nape. 
The appearance is completed with crystal earrings, ombre nails, sheer tights, closed-toe sandals, patterned straps around her wrists. Golden accents with Swallow motifs are embellished throughout.

Description[]
Satins with an exquisite texture weaved with ancient techniques and made from carefully selected petals of half-blooming Silk Flowers; dye extracted from Violetgrass of purest mulberry, ideal for recreating the ethereality of ancient paintings; something Liyue and something exotic fused together to create a unique style, with interlaced threads sewn through a hundred days of work, fine like gossamer brush strokes across a canvas.
The dress is perhaps Keqing's most luxurious outfit. The story behind it is also rather fascinating—
Since her first day as the Yuheng, she has never enjoyed its privileges but has instead devoted much private time to her duty. To improve work efficiency, Keqing prefers a dressing style that prioritizes practicality and only keeps a minimum level of embellishment. Therefore, though like a flower she blooms, she used to dress simple.
However, working closely with Ganyu and then Ningguang has given Keqing a sort of epiphany—
Keqing accepts that she cannot work day and night like the half-adeptal secretary Ganyu. She also knows Ningguang's way well, who often takes a bath after work to withdraw from the moment. By temporarily putting the crazy agenda aside for the next day, Ningguang thus allows herself to fully relax.
Keqing understands that to lead the tide of change requires not impatient leaps and bounds but care for one's body and mind. Good maintenance keeps one going smoothly.
Ningguang also gave Keqing similar advice:
"You've never donned anything special for festivals, and people are used to your image as it is. But Liyue is different now. If you show up in front of the public in a new look, it will add to the merrymaking and inspire everyone greatly."
Keqing was aware of that, but she just wanted to transform silently so that she wouldn't worry her colleagues.
Her attire for the Lantern Rite would serve as a good start.
"This attire marks the line between my work and life. By striking a balance between the two, I will find a comfortable pace at which I shall lead the way into a new Liyue."
Having made up her mind, Keqing had Ningguang's personal tailor make her a dress that still keeps luxury to a minimum. With the attire finished, Keqing threw herself back into the preparations for the Lantern Rite.
As for how she ended up overworking herself again, accidents like that do happen, occasionally.
While conversing with the Traveler again in the Jade Chamber, their caring advice reminded Keqing of the decision she had made not long ago. A faint smile formed on her face.
Perhaps this is what they call the tacit understanding between ideal companions, who are always on the same page.
She put on the long-readied attire and spoke gently to the Traveler, who looked her way. Having received generous praises, she turned to the blooming fireworks.
The light of festive fireworks set her dress aglow like a star in a dark night. The hem of her dress danced at her steps like flowers flowing in a gentle breeze.

Voice-Overs[]
These are heard when equipping the costume.
EnglishChineseJapaneseKoreanMedia:VO Keqing Opulent Splendor 01.ogg Thanks for waiting. Come on, let's head out.Media:VO ZH Keqing Opulent Splendor 01.ogg 久等了。现在，我们出发吧。Jiǔděngle. Xiànzài, wǒmen chūfā ba.(I've kept you waiting. Now, let us head out.)Media:VO JA Keqing Opulent Splendor 01.ogg お待たせ。出発しましょう。Omatase. Shuppatsu shimashou.(Sorry to make you wait. Let's head out.)Media:VO KO Keqing Opulent Splendor 01.ogg 오래 기다렸지? 이제 출발하자Orae gidaryeotjji? Ije chulbalhaja(You wait for a long time? Now let's go.)Media:VO Keqing Opulent Splendor 02.ogg Elegance and agility. Equally indispensable.Media:VO ZH Keqing Opulent Splendor 02.ogg 优雅与迅捷，缺一不可。Yōuyǎ yǔ xùnjié, quēyī-bùkě.(Elegance and agility, both indispensable.)Media:VO JA Keqing Opulent Splendor 02.ogg 優雅と機敏は、どちらも失ってはならないものよ。Yuuga to kibin wa, dochira mo ushinatte wa narai mono yo.(Elegance and agility, both are things that should not be compromised.)Media:VO KO Keqing Opulent Splendor 02.ogg 우아함과 신속함. 어느 하나 빠질 수 없지Uahamgwa sinsokam. Eoneu hana ppajil su eopjji(Grace and agility. Both indispensable.)Media:VO Keqing Opulent Splendor 03.ogg With that out of the way, let's make the most of the time before nightfall.Media:VO ZH Keqing Opulent Splendor 03.ogg 夜幕降临之前，要抓紧时间了。Yèmù jiànglín zhī qián, yào zhuājǐn shíjiānle.(Before the night arrives, we must not waste time.)Media:VO JA Keqing Opulent Splendor 03.ogg 夜が来る前に、急がないと。Yoru ga kuru mae ni, isoganai to.(Before night falls, we must hurry.)Media:VO KO Keqing Opulent Splendor 03.ogg 날이 어두워지기 전에, 서둘러야겠어Nari eoduwojigi jeone, seodulleoyagesseo(We should hurry, before nightfall.)
Outfit Showcase[]
"Let's make the most of the time before nightfall." – Keqing's New Outfit Showcase "Opulent Splendor"

Elemental Burst
Gallery[]
Outfit Teaser- Teyvat Style – Swirling Hues - Genshin Impact
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Opulent Splendor 1.mp4      Media:Idle Opulent Splendor 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Opulent Splendor.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Opulent Splendor.mp4      Media:Party Setup Opulent Splendor.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishOpulent Splendor—Chinese(Simplified)霓裾翩跹Ní Jū PiānxiānA Spring in One's Dance with Rainbow SkirtChinese(Traditional)霓裾翩躚Ní Jū PiānxiānJapanese霓裾の舞Geikyo no MaiDance of Rainbow Edge[• 1]Korean살랑이는 무지개 자락Sallang'ineun Mujigae JarakWhiffling Rainbow SkirtSpanishGracilidad fastuosaLavish GraceFrenchSplendeur opulenteOpulent SplendorRussianЯркая лёгкостьYarkaya lyogkost'Bright LightnessThaiรัศมีรุ้งเจิดจรัสRat-sa-mi Rung Choet Cha-ratMagnificent Rainbow IlluminationVietnameseVũ Điệu Nghê ThườngColorful DanceGermanÜppige PrachtLush SplendorIndonesianOpulent Splendor—PortugueseEsplendor OpulenteOpulent SplendorTurkishGöz Alıcı İhtişamEye-Catching SplendorItalianSplendore opulentoOpulent Splendor
↑ Japanese: 霓 is the alternative spelling of 虹 "rainbow."


Change History[]
Released in Version 2.4[Edit History]Version 2.5
Fixed an issue with Keqing whereby when switching to the "Opulent Splendor" outfit, the edges of her pupils would display abnormally.

Version 2.4

Opulent Splendor was released.
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
The Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing. Keqing has much to say about Rex Lapis' unilateral approach to policymaking in Liyue ⁠— but in truth, gods admire skeptics such as her quite a lot.She firmly believes that humanity's future should be determined by humans themselves, and that they can even do better than the archons and adepti have done for them. In order to prove this, she works harder than anyone else.—Description from the Official Website
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction
4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Survival Hairpin
4.8 Vision


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 Archon Quests
7.2 Events
7.3 Web Events


8 Character Trials

8.1 Quests
8.2 Events
8.3 Test Run Events


9 Character Mentions

9.1 Character Voice-Overs


10 Mail
11 Trivia

11.1 Etymology


12 Other Languages

12.1 Character Title: Driving Thunder


13 References
14 Navigation


Personality
The Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing. Keqing has much to say about Rex Lapis' unilateral approach to policymaking in Liyue — but in truth, gods admire skeptics such as her quite a lot.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
The Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing, Keqing. She is a workaholic and is subject to pressure even at her young age. One might attribute her to perfectionism when pertaining to work, causing many of their employees to resign but in reality, she has a strong sense of responsibility and tenaciousness inherited from her grandfather.
Keqing, unlike most of Liyue, is a great skeptic. She believes that humans should deal with their own problems but it all changed when the Lord of Geo retired from his duties, passing it on to the Qixing. She gained a new respect towards Rex Lapis himself, realizing the magnitude of his work to govern Liyue. As part of her so-called "self-reflection", which in reality is a way to hide the newfound respect she has for Rex Lapis, she keeps memorabilia of Rex Lapis. She was also a skeptic of Visions, viewing it as both challenge and insult and once tried to destroy it, all of her attempts failing. She'd then realized the various uses of her Vision and learned to appreciate them.
Shopping is a favorite past time of the Yuheng, often spending her free time with her friends in this sort of activity. Keqing may be an uptight and intimidating character, but she respects and cares for each of her companions close to her. It's only because of her outward image that she's unable to express how she truly feels.

Appearance
See also: Piercing Thunderbolt and Opulent Splendor
Keqing uses the medium female model. She has fair skin, amethyst eyes with oval-shaped pupils backed by a shape resembling her stiletto, and waist-length purple hair that turns into silver-purple at the ends.

Official Introduction
With the Force of Thunder Comes the Star of Change
Rex Lapis has watched over Liyue for a millennium. But what about the next millennium? What about the next ten, or the next hundred millennia? How long are we expecting this status quo to last?
The Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing. Keqing has much to say about Rex Lapis' unilateral approach to policymaking in Liyue ⁠— but in truth, gods admire skeptics such as her quite a lot.
One of the Liyue Qixing, Keqing has an uncompromising belief in actions over words. If she sees something that needs doing, she'll do it herself. For example, she traveled around Liyue and carefully memorized each detail of the land so that she may one day be able to maximize the utility of every last inch of Liyue.
Keqing deals with the day-to-day affairs of Liyue, whether great or small, while Rex Lapis only descends once a year.
To many, the millennia of prosperity that Liyue has enjoyed serve to legitimize Rex Lapis' guidance of the city. But Keqing has her reservations about all this, viewing Liyue's present prosperity as akin to a magnificent sandcastle on the beach — humanity does not have the luxury of deciding when the tide will come in.
Rex Lapis has watched over Liyue for a millennium. But what about the next millennium? What about the next ten, or the next hundred millennia? How long are we expecting this status quo to last?
It is this unanswered question that drives Keqing to work relentlessly and remain diligent.
From most people's perspective, there is no point in working oneself up like this. But Keqing cannot sit by idly and ignore this hidden danger.
The people of Liyue have never considered navigating the future on their own terms. But someone must walk on the front line of the epoch and forge a new path with their own hands.
From most people's perspective, there is no point in working oneself up like this. But Keqing cannot sit by idly and ignore this hidden danger.

Character Stories
Character Details
Rex Lapis has brought prosperity and plenty to Liyue Harbor, and his rule and majesty have long passed into show and song, much to the delight of the people. But for someone in such proximity to a god, Keqing seems to lack the requisite respect the most."Hmph. Let's be real here, but does Morax really know everything?"The Liyue Qixing deal with the day-to-day happenings in the Harbor, whether great or small, while Rex Lapis only descends once a year.While history has shown that following Morax's lead has been the right call, Keqing believes that humans should have their own pride, and that their views deserve equal importance.As such, she often advocates different opinions from Rex Lapis, and is the first to put such views into practice.Her radical actions have seen stellar results, but they have also attracted murmurings of opprobrium among those devoted to Rex Lapis.As Keqing sees it, such opposition are the excuses of those who have grown complacent under the aegis of their deity, and who cannot consider the future of humanity of their own accord.But someone must walk on the front line of the epoch and create a new path with their own hands — and the Yuheng star is determined to do her part in this endeavor.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
Keqing is the daughter of an illustrious Liyue family with a proud lineage, and she is better acquainted than most with the influence that Rex Lapis has over the people of Liyue.Once every few years, in an almost cyclical fashion, a major reshuffle hits Liyue's economy after the Rite of Descension.Once Rex Lapis' new policies are announced, some families celebrate while other grieve. The poor hope it will offer them the chance to finally make their fortunes while the wealthy pray that theirs will not be swept away in the changing tides.Rather than carefully analyzing the economic climate, merchants are more prone to making investments based on belief.And in present-day Liyue, this is a forgivable strategy: Rex Lapis is a powerful deity and he can be relied on for all things.But Keqing has her reservations about all this: What if, one day, Rex Lapis stops fulfilling his duty? Then what would become of the people of Liyue?Liyue's present prosperity is akin to a magnificent sandcastle on the beach — humanity does not have the luxury of deciding when the tide will come in.However, Keqing has been unable to garner majority support for her views. From most people's perspective, life is but a brief insignificant moment in Liyue's long history, and there is no point in working oneself up into an existential quandary.This perspective, as far as Keqing is concerned, is a lazy and cowardly one that denies there is any value at all in the existence of the human race. "If humans really have no value," Keqing retorts, "then why should we expect the gods to care about us so much?"Unwilling to compromise on her beliefs, she cast her skepticism on everything — everything from Rex Lapis' loving-kindness, to the people's laziness, to the way that society runs.Issues affecting humans' fate should be handled by humans, and humans are more capable of handling them with finesse.Finally, the day came of her now-famous speech at the Rite of Descension."Rex Lapis has watched over Liyue for a millennium. But what about the next millennium? What about the next ten, or the next hundred millennia? How long are we expecting this status quo to last?"On hearing these words, Rex Lapis burst into hearty laughter. But as for what exactly he was laughing about, only Rex Lapis himself knows.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
Some may be able to keep up with Keqing's forward-thinking ideas, but none can keep up with her pace of work.Perhaps in an effort to become a role model for her people, she demands of herself to work ten times harder than the average person, and she cannot abide by any measure of laziness or inefficiency.Humans' abilities and lifespans are more limited than the gods'. This means that one has no hope of living to see the day when humans replace the gods as masters of our own universe if one allows apathy and hesitation to slow themselves down.Because of this same mindset, she is never able to synchronize her work rhythm with the people around her. Whatever the task, she does not rest until the job is done, and when something should take half the month to resolve, she will pull out all the stops to try and get it turned around within the next 48 hours.Additionally, Keqing's notion of "completing" something is far more ambitious than simply getting it "finished" — she will make sure that every relevant detail is tied up too. To the outside observer, she seems to be both highly efficient and a perfectionist.But not everyone is as self-motivated as Keqing, No assistant she hires ever makes it past the three-month mark. She has received countless remonstrations urging her to be less impatient, but she meets each one with a stern rejection. Still, she has, to some extent, come around to the idea that high staff turnover is itself a manifestation of inefficiency, and made some concessions accordingly.Today, if you encounter an assistant of Keqing's dealing with some matter three, four, or even five years ahead of time, don't be alarmed, this is completely normal. Keqing gave them a bit of a head start, but she'll be catching up before long.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
"Yesterday's experiences make me stronger today." This is one of the principles Keqing lives by.Spending all of one's time at Yujing Terrace means seeing the same old things day after day. But to be able to think and act as swiftly as lightning, one needs a huge amount of experience to draw on.So, if Keqing sees something that needs doing, why, she'll do it herself. For example, she once served for two months as a laborer to better decide how to refine a plan to improve their treatment.It's hard to imagine that this young lady with so much authority vested in her has pulled carts at the Chasm, rammed earth at the south wharf, and waited tables at small diners.In addition to working, she also once took the opportunity to gather evidence with which to report a powerful individual known for his abuses.He was apprehended without any clue as to how he had been exposed, but when he was brought to the interrogation chamber by the Millelith, there he saw a striking young lady dressed in fine robes."Hey! Haven't we... haven't we met somewhere before?" The words felt foolish the moment they rolled off his tongue, even to him.Especially because the Millelith then introduced her as follows: "This is the Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing. Know your place and keep your distance!"Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5  •  A New Star Approaches
Rex Lapis' departure has put Liyue Harbor through a great deal of hardship. All the duties Rex once fulfilled have been taken up by the Qixing and the Eight Trades.Now that divine rule is a thing of the past, the old strictures left behind can't simply be continued wholesale. But to establish new laws for Liyue, whose history spans several thousand years, is no mean feat.At first, Keqing was incredibly enthusiastic about this task, having long prepared for this day when she might finally show her mettle. But several months in, and she was still stuck on a single task, land infrastructure — and it was driving her up the wall.No matter how hard she struggled, the mountain of tasks was like a quagmire. She was making a difference, yes, but not nearly with as much ease as Rex Lapis."Why can I only do this much? Why... can't I do it better?" Of course, she had long understood the wherefores here. Her lack of respect for the gods had somehow received their recognition all the same, yes, but that didn't mean that she was ready to simply replace them.But she was still Keqing, resolute and tenacious. From that day on, she shut herself in, studying classics of various kinds to learn all that she needed. Placing herself lowest, she accepted all that she had hitherto not known with open arms.During this period, she gained a certain calm, slowly discarding the "opprobrium" she had long held against Rex Lapis.They were both working for the good of Liyue, after all — and two people who love the same thing need not be on opposing sides.She also seemingly came to an understanding concerning the smile Rex Lapis had given her during the Rite of Descension. It was, Keqing now believes, an expression of acknowledgement and expectation.She hasn't lost any of her forceful and decisive manner, no. But sometimes, when she feels lost, she will stop and think: "What would Rex Lapis do at a moment such as this?"Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6  •  A New Star Approaches
Keqing, who has dedicated a large portion of her energies to Liyue Harbor, indulges in an unexpected pastime when she can spare a moment — shopping. On her off days, she changes into ordinary clothes, contacts a few close friends, and enjoys a day of strolling around Feiyun Slope and Chihu Rock, just enjoying the act of buying things.After Rex Lapis' departure, Keqing managed to maintain this method of decompression despite her busier schedule, though with one subtle difference.On one of her shopping trips, she happened upon a small and unremarkable stall that sold cute Rex Lapis clay figurines with tiny bodies and big heads.Persuading her friends to visit the silk store opposite, she approached the stall, took a figurine in her hand, and began to examine it.She knew that she didn't have much time. So, after glancing around to make sure that no one was watching, she paid for, picked up, and packed away her prize in one swift single movement.But no sooner had she placed the figurine into her bag and heaved a sigh of relief than one of her friends, silk bundles in tow, tapped her on the shoulder. In the end, all was revealed. Her friends were quite curious: Wasn't Keqing a skeptic among skeptics? Why would she buy one of these?"For... For introspection, of course! There's nothing wrong with self-reflection, is there?" So she said, and it would be convincing, too — if Keqing didn't already have an entire shelf dedicated to Rex Lapis self-reflection memorabilia...Survival Hairpin Friendship Lv. 4
Though she is of noble birth, Keqing tries to keep her luxuries to the bare minimum that would befit her position as one of the Liyue Qixing.And when she is outside the borders of the prosperous city, she will often head deep into uninhabited areas to strengthen her knowledge and sharpen her will.She has experienced countless challenges, but unlike backpackers and adventurers, she does not bring anything with but her hairpin and her sword. As long as it is infused with Electro, a hairpin can become a knife with unmatched sharpness.Cutting grass, chopping firewood, skinning game and carving bone are all well within its capabilities.If faced with a drop of great height, she only needs to pin it into the ground, tie rattans to it, and rappel down.It also serves as an incredibly sensitive security device when camping out. Any unusual movements nearby will cause it, when tipped over and placed perpendicular to the ground, to alert and awaken Keqing immediately.It can be used to fish: Keqing just hurls it into the water when she's feeling peckish, and there will always be a few fish that will get knocked out by the electric shock — and of course, finding a stick to grill the fish on is not a problem either.Some narrow-minded folk have ridiculed Keqing's hairpin for being old and worn, but this does not anger her. Indeed, she considers it a point of pride. "Its weathered form is what gives it its charm."Vision Friendship Lv. 6
Keqing is likely a skeptic without equal when it comes to the value of Visions.She knows that everything she has is the result of her own hard work, but that in the eyes of others, credit has been given instead to her Vision.She once believed that this purple crystal had stolen the pride due originally to her, and that it was both a challenge and an insult from the gods.In fact, she has tried to destroy her Vision countless times — she's left it in a huge fire for three days and three nights, run over it with a minecart full of rocks, and has even hurled it from the heights of the Jade Chamber.Unfortunately, she has never been successful.With no options left, and not wanting it to fall into the wrong hands, Keqing was forced to accept the Vision as part of her life.With the passage of time, Keqing came to appreciate the Vision. She realized that this item did not actually have any divine will imbued within it, and indeed had numerous practical uses, and as such chose to use it."The source of power is far less important than the character of its user."Regardless of how she may once have regarded it, Keqing's Vision and its powers have become a part of her.Thank the Archons she hadn't destroyed it back then, or she'd have regretted it for sure — oh, the hardships of being a pragmatist.
Namecard


Keqing: Lightning Stiletto




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with KeqingDescription:It was originally invented to just test out one's surroundings and climb to high places, really...

Constellation
Trulla CementariiMeaning:Plumb Line 
Quests and Events
Archon QuestsChapter IAct III: A New Star ApproachesThe Floating PalaceTurning PointThe Fond FarewellInterlude ChapterAct I: The Crane Returns on the WindSeagaze SunsetBygones Times Like Dust PassingWhere the Heart Finds RestEventsMoonlight MerrimentPart I: One for the Foodies, Two for the ShowPart II: Three to Get Ready, and Here We GoFleeting Colors in FlightThe Blazing Stars Ring in FortuneSky-Gazers, Land-WalkersThe Stars Inscribe the Year's WishesThe Exquisite Night ChimesPart I: A Thousand Miles for an Enigmatic TunePart II: A Single Harmony for an Irreplaceable SoulDuel! The Summoners' Summit!Round 2: Roll! A Sea of New AcquaintancesVibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring BreezePart I: The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present AuspicesThe Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present AuspicesPart III: The Glede Returns to the PavilionThe Glede Returns to the PavilionWeb EventsSide by Side We VentureAn Unforgettable JourneyFestive Celebration of Flowing HuesCanvas of Starlight MemoriesHerbal RemediesDiscover Teyvat
Character Trials
QuestsEvent Story Quest The Stars Inscribe the Year's Wishes in Fleeting Colors in FlightEventsBattlefront: Misty DungeonMisty Dungeon: Realm of LightA Study in Potions/Sealed RuinsPerilous TrailTablet AnalyticsAdventurer's TrialsMisty Dungeon: Realm of SandTriumphant FrenzyEndless Forms Most MartialTest Run EventsKeqing, Ningguang, Bennett — 2021-02-17Zhongli, Tartaglia, Freminet, Sayu — 2023-09-05
Character Mentions
Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversBaizhuAbout Keqing Media:VO_Baizhu About Keqing.ogg Media:VO ZH_Baizhu About Keqing.ogg Media:VO JA_Baizhu About Keqing.ogg Media:VO KO_Baizhu About Keqing.ogg If I were to hazard a guess about her health from a face reading, I would presume the Yuheng's frequent looks of exhaustion are due to her long-time habits of burning the midnight oil and never giving her mind a rest. If she wishes to maintain her health, she should stop working and relax from time to time. Unfortunately, she is overly ambitious, and seems to be completely willing to trade her health for her career. Even if I were to tell her this myself, I'm afraid she would not listen to me.GamingAbout Keqing Media:VO_Gaming About Keqing.ogg Media:VO ZH_Gaming About Keqing.ogg Media:VO JA_Gaming About Keqing.ogg Media:VO KO_Gaming About Keqing.ogg It's all thanks to the Yuheng that we don't get so many bandits on the road between Liyue Harbor and Yilong Wharf anymore. She's the one who spearheaded the crackdown on all that. ...You think my job's at risk, huh? Haha, they ain't gonna get rid of me that easily. Sure, maybe there's no more bandits to fight, but you're always gonna need a strong pair of arms to lug the cargo around.GanyuAbout Keqing: Estrangement Media:VO_Ganyu About Keqing - Estrangement.ogg Media:VO ZH_Ganyu About Keqing - Estrangement.ogg Media:VO JA_Ganyu About Keqing - Estrangement.ogg Media:VO KO_Ganyu About Keqing - Estrangement.ogg I cannot stand her disrespectful attitude towards Rex Lapis! But he says to me, "Ganyu, this is just the kind of person Liyue needs in this day and age." I guess I'm not smart enough, because I simply do not understand what he means by that. I think I need more life experience to become wise enough to comprehend his words.About Keqing: Changing Perspective Media:VO_Ganyu About Keqing - Changing Perspective.ogg Media:VO ZH_Ganyu About Keqing - Changing Perspective.ogg Media:VO JA_Ganyu About Keqing - Changing Perspective.ogg Media:VO KO_Ganyu About Keqing - Changing Perspective.ogg She came to me recently to discuss the reopening of the Bishui trade route. She even asked me what Rex Lapis would do if it were him. Admittedly, what we came up with was not quite on par with what he would have chosen. But... seeing the way she kept starting her plan from scratch over and over again, I think I started to understand her a little bit.Hu TaoAbout Keqing Media:VO_Hu Tao About Keqing.ogg Media:VO ZH_Hu Tao About Keqing.ogg Media:VO JA_Hu Tao About Keqing.ogg Media:VO KO_Hu Tao About Keqing.ogg The Yuheng, Keqing... she's quite hard to talk to. She's so uptight, hehe... Really makes me wanna mess with her. She wouldn't knock me in the head with her sword though, right? Or would she...?NingguangAbout Keqing Media:VO_Ningguang About Keqing.ogg Media:VO ZH_Ningguang About Keqing.ogg Media:VO JA_Ningguang About Keqing.ogg Media:VO KO_Ningguang About Keqing.ogg Yuheng... She has changed a lot recently. But is Liyue better off with the Yuheng we have now, or the Yuheng we used to know? Only time will tell.XianyunAbout Keqing Media:VO_Xianyun About Keqing.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xianyun About Keqing.ogg Media:VO JA_Xianyun About Keqing.ogg Media:VO KO_Xianyun About Keqing.ogg Keqing is a thoughtful child. She visits me on behalf of the Qixing every festival without fail, and always brings a gift. With such a capable and considerate colleague by her side, perhaps one needn't worry too much about Ganyu...YanfeiAbout Keqing Media:VO_Yanfei About Keqing.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yanfei About Keqing.ogg Media:VO JA_Yanfei About Keqing.ogg Media:VO KO_Yanfei About Keqing.ogg The Yuheng doesn't deal with matters of the law, and thank goodness... Knowing Keqing's attitude toward work and ruthless efficiency, I'd end up losing a lot of work. Although... No, surely it wouldn't come to that. She's a stickler for doing things the right way — no doubt she'd offend people... but if she had someone like me as her legal assistant... No way! Why should an eminent legal expert such as myself be relegated to the role of assistant!? If she needs legal counsel, she can come and find me.YaoyaoAbout Keqing Media:VO_Yaoyao About Keqing.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yaoyao About Keqing.ogg Media:VO JA_Yaoyao About Keqing.ogg Media:VO KO_Yaoyao About Keqing.ogg Keqing's a very thoughtful person, and she always does a good job of everything. She also makes sure to pay Master a visit at every festival... She's what you call a "bastion of piety." Or wait, maybe it's "paragon of propriety"? ...Well, anyway, I think I can learn a lot from her!YelanAbout Keqing Media:VO_Yelan About Keqing.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yelan About Keqing.ogg Media:VO JA_Yelan About Keqing.ogg Media:VO KO_Yelan About Keqing.ogg I don't really like people who cram their schedules full, because it doesn't leave any room for negotiation. If something happens that they didn't anticipate, it throws their plans into oblivion, impacting not just themselves but their coworkers, too. But the Yuheng is different. She works in a very methodical way. I always enjoy working with her.Yun JinAbout Keqing Media:VO_Yun Jin About Keqing.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yun Jin About Keqing.ogg Media:VO JA_Yun Jin About Keqing.ogg Media:VO KO_Yun Jin About Keqing.ogg I have yet to see the Yuheng ever attend an opera performance. Now that I think about it, whenever I happen to see her out on the street, she always seems to be in a great hurry.ZhongliAbout Keqing Media:VO_Zhongli About Keqing.ogg Media:VO ZH_Zhongli About Keqing.ogg Media:VO JA_Zhongli About Keqing.ogg Media:VO KO_Zhongli About Keqing.ogg She is the most impious of the Qixing — but I actually find the conviction of such people quite endearing. The only reason I was able to consider taking a step back from such overarching management of Liyue was because there are people like her. People who speak up when they believe themselves to be right, and then go and do something decisive about it.
Mail
See You Tonight! (2020-11-20)Time Flies (2021-11-20)A Banquet Invitation (2022-11-20)A Token of Affection... (2023-11-20)
Trivia
Keqing is one of the characters with ornaments that glow. While wearing her default outfit, Piercing Thunderbolt, when Keqing's Elemental Burst is ready, the purple gem at the base of the brooch on her front will glow along with her Vision.
NPCs that mention Keqing:
Huixin mentions Keqing along with a brief explanation of her duties a Yuheng when asked about the Liyue Qixing.
Hongyi, a Millelith in Chihu Rock who is concerned about contamination of the water supply, mentions that any reports regarding the issue would go to Keqing, who is his superior's superior and in charge of land and livelihood management.
A message on the Stone Gate Bulletin Board mentions that "a wealthy-looking girl dressed in purple" from the city recently visited asking questions about the land and people's daily consumption. According to the note, instead of introducing herself as the Yuheng, Keqing said she was a general secretary from Yujing Terrace, which is actually Ganyu's title.
Although many characters detect that Zhongli is an exceptional individual, Keqing is the only person unaware of his true identity who draws an explicit connection between Zhongli and Rex Lapis in her voice-over about him.
Her fighting style, known as the Yunlai Swordsmanship, is a successor of an ancient martial arts school whose masters include Qiqi, according to the Chinese version.
The description for Unmoving Kingstone mentions that there is an urban legend about Keqing saying that it took her 10 years of intense training to master the blade. The legend claims that one part of this training was to hack at an Unmoving Kingstone until its surface was as smooth and shiny as a mirror.
Keqing is seen wielding an unknown sword in her official art, but in the battle against Osial, she uses Lion's Roar.
Keqing, along with Fischl, is a part of Honkai Impact 3rd's crossover with Genshin Impact as a playable Valkyrie.[1]
However, unlike Fischl, Keqing serves as an event exclusive character and will not be obtainable.
Keqing is mentioned in the descriptions of the following 2 Furnishings: Unmoving Kingstone Glittering Street
Keqing shares her Korean voice actress, Lee Bo-hee, with Noelle.
Keqing shares her Chinese voice actress, Xie Ying, with Skirk and Gaming.
Etymology
Keqing's name (刻晴 Kèqíng) derives from the characters 刻 kè, which can mean "to carve," "strict," and "a moment," and 晴 qíng meaning "clear weather."
In conjunction with her title "Driving Thunder" (霆霓快雨 Tíng Ní Kuài Yǔ, "Sudden Thunder and Rapid Rain"), which may derive from the phrase 爽若快雨驱霆霓 "refreshing like the rapid rain drives away the sudden thunder," her name may be interpreted as "clear weather in a moment" or "imminent clear skies."[2]
Another possible interpretation is that it refers to someone who brings clear skies by scouring the clouds or someone who makes days peaceful.
Her constellation, Trulla Cementarii, is literally Latin for "mason's trowel," however it was used as a translation for "plumb line" in the Vulgate.[3] Based on the constellation diagram, it is likely meant to mean the latter.
A plumb line is a tool used in construction to ensure that structures are vertical.
Her Chinese constellation name, 金紫定垂座, means "gold and purple plumb."
Her title, Yuheng (玉衡 Yùhéng, "Jade Sighting-Tube"), is the Chinese name for the star in the Big Dipper named Epsilon Ursae Majoris (Alioth), consistent with the naming convention for members of the Liyue Qixing.
Other Languages
Character Title: Driving Thunder

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishDriving Thunder—Chinese(Simplified)霆霓快雨Tíng Ní Kuài YǔChinese(Traditional)霆霓快雨Tíng Ní Kuài YǔJapanese疾雷快雨Shitsurai Kaiu‍[!][!]Assumed readingSudden Violent Thunder and Pleasant RainKorean질뢰쾌우Jilloekwae'uFast and Scattering ThunderboltSpanishLa Conductora del TruenoThe Conductor of ThunderFrenchArdeur du tonnerreArdor of ThunderRussianРаскаты громаRaskaty gromaRoars of ThunderThaiผู้บงการสายฟ้าLightning CommanderVietnameseSấm Chớp Trước Cơn MưaThunder Before the RainGermanDonnerwetterThunderstorm[• 1]IndonesianDriving Thunder—PortugueseTrovão CondutorConducting ThunderTurkishYıldırım EfendisiItalianDominatrice del tuonoThunder Tamer
↑ German: Can also mean a severe scolding.


References

↑ Twitter: Honkai Impact 3rd x Genshin Impact Crossover Event

↑ Bilibili: 刻晴名字称号由来

↑ Biblia Sacra Vulgata: Amos 7:7


Navigation
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story
2 Combat
3 Navigation


Story

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Keqing Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Hello.ogg I am Keqing, Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing. We live in an era of change, as the old order that has existed for a thousand years is about to be rewritten. Join me. Let us bear witness to this historical moment together.
Chat: DelaysChat: DelaysMedia:VO_Keqing Chat - Delays.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Chat_-_Delays.ogg Come on. Enough procrastinating. Let's go.
Chat: RelaxChat: RelaxMedia:VO_Keqing Chat - Relax.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Chat_-_Relax.ogg I'm all for work-life balance, but I think this is pushing it.
Chat: OpportunityChat: OpportunityMedia:VO_Keqing Chat - Opportunity.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Chat_-_Opportunity.ogg In adventuring, as in business, you always have to seize the opportunity while it's there.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Keqing When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_When_It_Rains.ogg Quite a downpour... Nothing will get done until it clears. Let this be a lesson to those who yesterday said, "I'll do it tomorrow."
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Keqing When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Thunder and lightning can be quite frightening, but don't worry — Liyue's storm and fire defenses are second to none.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Keqing When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_When_It_Snows.ogg Don't worry, snowfall on this scale is no impediment. We can keep moving.
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Keqing When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg Ah, the sun is out. Our work's done for the day... shall we take a stroll?
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Keqing Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Good_Morning.ogg Morning. Time to set the tone for the rest of the day, so if you're still feeling sleepy, shake it off!
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Keqing Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Good_Afternoon.ogg I'm not in the habit of napping at noon, but don't let that stop you if you're feeling tired. I'll give you a wake-up call in, say, three minutes' time.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Keqing Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Good_Evening.ogg The lights are coming on now that the night is setting in. *yawn* Another delightful day draws to a close.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Keqing Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Good_Night.ogg Sleep well. ...Me? Uh... I still have a handful of things on my to-do list, but I'll call it a night once they are done.
About Keqing: IdealismAbout Keqing: IdealismMedia:VO_Keqing About Keqing - Idealism.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Keqing_-_Idealism.ogg If you feel strongly about something, you should speak up and take action. That's the philosophy I live by.
About Keqing: WorkAbout Keqing: WorkMedia:VO_Keqing About Keqing - Work.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Keqing_-_Work.ogg My role is to manage real estate and construction in Liyue. Sure, Liyue is a vast place with abundant resources — but without proper planning, and if too much focus is placed on short-term profit, a great many things can go wrong.
About Keqing: SkepticismAbout Keqing: SkepticismMedia:VO_Keqing About Keqing - Skepticism.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Keqing_-_Skepticism.ogg What do you think has kept Liyue going over the last millennium? Rex Lapis? ...I disagree. We mortals have to fight for survival whatever happens, he just feels the need to come down here and poke his nose into everything that's going on for some reason... Hmph, people don't like to think about this, but should we really be trusting him to be an expert in everything?
About Keqing: Self-Reflection A New Star ApproachesAbout Keqing: Self-Reflection A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Keqing About Keqing - Self-Reflection.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Keqing_-_Self-Reflection.ogg After I took on the management of so many of Liyue's affairs, I had a new-found respect for Rex Lapis and all his hard work over the last millennium. Recently, every time I come up against a difficult problem with no obvious solution, I find myself thinking: What would Rex Lapis do? Maybe he really IS an expert in everything, and I've got more left to learn than I realized...
About Us: PursuingAbout Us: PursuingMedia:VO_Keqing About Us - Pursuing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Us_-_Pursuing.ogg You know why I like you? It's because you don't believe something just because it was said by a god. You make up your own mind. You ask the questions everyone else is too cowardly to ask, and when you don't get an answer, you keep looking till you find one. Oh don't worry — your way is definitely the right way. Who says gods don't make mistakes, anyway?
About Us: Trying Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Trying Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Keqing About Us - Trying.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Us_-_Trying.ogg It's not difficult, you'll see. Just give it a try. What if you try and it doesn't work out? ...No, I don't believe that will happen. You've never let me down before. You don't seem the type.
About Us: Encouragement Friendship Lv. 6 A New Star ApproachesAbout Us: Encouragement Friendship Lv. 6 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Keqing About Us - Encouragement.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Us_-_Encouragement.ogg I used to be so naive. I genuinely believed that I was on a par with Rex Lapis... Seems I really overestimated myself. Hmm? Yes... You're right! I have plenty of self-confidence in other areas, so why not in this? ...I can catch up with him — I WILL catch up with him! I just need to keep my chin up, keep trying, and keep learning!
About the Vision: Skepticism Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision: Skepticism Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About the Vision - Skepticism.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_the_Vision_-_Skepticism.ogg If a Vision means the approval of the gods, then I don't see why I should want one. In fact, I find it quite insulting... It's like trying to say everything I've ever achieved is all thanks to the gods looking out for me! Well, I got to where I am today through hard work. The gods had nothing to do with it.
About the Vision: Reflection Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout the Vision: Reflection Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Keqing About the Vision - Reflection.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_the_Vision_-_Reflection.ogg Oh, so... Rex Lapis wanted me to have power beyond the average mortal so that I can be a great leader? Huh... I like to think I'd do an admirable job even without his blessing! Yeah, I'll show him... I won't give him any reason to be disappointed with me...
Something to Share: InitiativeSomething to Share: InitiativeMedia:VO_Keqing Something to Share - Initiative.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Something_to_Share_-_Initiative.ogg In addition to my work with the Liyue Qixing, I do a lot of work for the public, too. Mostly the feedback is positive, but whenever I propose something like adding an extra hour to the workday, I come up against very strong resistance... I'm too forward-thinking, I suppose. Maybe I should start with a half hour instead?
Something to Share: Souvenir A New Star ApproachesSomething to Share: Souvenir A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Keqing Something to Share - Souvenir.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Something_to_Share_-_Souvenir.ogg What do you mean, Geo Archon paraphernalia? ...You're not suggesting my bedroom is full of that stuff, surely? I'm not a child anymore! Although... Okay, I did buy a couple of Rex Lapis figurines recently, but — but, they're just to keep me on the straight and narrow. Look, just because I own an idol or two does not mean that I idolize him, okay!?
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Keqing Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Interesting_Things.ogg I once heard a Mondstadt fable about courage being what it takes for birds to learn to fly. But I think that you must first possess a yearning for the boundless skies before you would have any inclination, let alone the courage, to spread your wings and try to fly. For me, Liyue is that boundless sky.
About Zhongli Friendship Lv. 4About Zhongli Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About Zhongli.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Zhongli.ogg The gentleman from the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor? Clearly, he's an extremely learned individual, and I do have a lot of respect for him. But his mindset is too traditional for me — he thinks in the same tired old terms as Rex Lapis did... If he were more of an original thinker, I'm sure he'd be a great asset to me in reaching my objectives.
About Beidou Friendship Lv. 4About Beidou Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About Beidou.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Beidou.ogg That captain is always flouting the rules, and her personality really rubs people the wrong way. That said, The Crux Fleet is indispensable to Liyue Harbor. It's a bit of an art, knowing when to enforce the rules and when it's in everyone's interests to be more lenient. Thing is, the Tianquan is supposed to be the one enforcing the rules, but she always seems to be too busy...
About Ningguang: Conflict Friendship Lv. 4About Ningguang: Conflict Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About Ningguang - Conflict.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Ningguang_-_Conflict.ogg We do work together, but we couldn't be more opposite personality-wise. To her, Liyue Harbor is nothing more than a marketplace, and she'll do anything as long as it makes money for her. Doesn't she have any principles? Hmm, or maybe turning a profit IS her principle?
About Ningguang: Cooperation Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Ningguang: Cooperation Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Keqing About Ningguang - Cooperation.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Ningguang_-_Cooperation.ogg Since Rex Lapis left us, we've actually found some common ground. I was quite judgmental of her in the past, and we still fundamentally disagree on a number of issues, but in the current climate I have to say I count her as a comrade in arms.
About Ningguang: Trifling Matters Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Ningguang: Trifling Matters Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Keqing About Ningguang - Trifling Matters.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Ningguang_-_Trifling_Matters.ogg Ugh, having said that... I ordered a Lucent Crescent from Mingxing Jewelry three months in advance, and when it was finally time to pick it up, they told me Ningguang had bought up the last few months' worth of Lucent Crescents for herself by paying double the price! *sigh* She can be such a pain!
About Xinyan Friendship Lv. 4About Xinyan Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About Xinyan.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Xinyan.ogg You know what, I think her music rocks. Too noisy by traditional standards, for sure, but I don't care. Good music is good music. And good music should reach the widest possible audience.
About Baizhu Friendship Lv. 4About Baizhu Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About Baizhu.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Baizhu.ogg Everyone has faith in Dr. Baizhu's medical skills. He's the right guy to go to when you can't figure out what's wrong with you. Oh... the rumors, you say? The only one I know for a fact is true is how disgusting his medicine tastes. It's not just the kids who find it bitter, it's left me with some horrible memories, too!
About Xiangling Friendship Lv. 4About Xiangling Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About Xiangling.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Xiangling.ogg Yeah, the up-and-coming chef from Wanmin Restaurant... I get that she's gifted and everything, I just think her cooking can be a bit hit-or-miss. I was all ready to hire her for a small banquet once, and give her full control over the menu... but the amount of lizard and slime in her sample dishes quickly turned me off that idea!
About Xingqiu Friendship Lv. 4About Xingqiu Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About Xingqiu.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Xingqiu.ogg I've heard his story — he was born into a well-to-do family, but wasn't keen on the family business, so he now devotes his time to being an envoy of justice. I have huge respect for that! Not everyone has the guts to follow their dreams when it means breaking with a long-standing family tradition.
About Xiao Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Xiao Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Keqing About Xiao.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Xiao.ogg I feel like now that we live in the age of mankind's rule, it's time for the legendary boy-adeptus to be released from duty. We no longer need a defender of that kind, because we are capable of working through the challenges we face on our own strength.
About Ganyu: Skepticism Friendship Lv. 4About Ganyu: Skepticism Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About Ganyu - Skepticism.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Ganyu_-_Skepticism.ogg Who knows what Rex Lapis must have done to inspire such blind devotion from Ganyu... But her reluctance to be critical is not without its advantages. In the workplace, she'll carry out my instructions to the letter, even when I can tell she has her reservations. It's a good attitude to have as a career professional.
About Ganyu: Reflection Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Ganyu: Reflection Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Keqing About Ganyu - Reflection.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Ganyu_-_Reflection.ogg I find myself getting a second opinion from her a lot these days. Lots of things come up that I just have no idea about, and of everyone in Liyue, she's probably the most familiar with Rex Lapis. Heh... I feel a bit awkward, though, because I used to be openly disparaging of Rex Lapis in front of her... But she doesn't seem to mind, so I guess I've got nothing to worry about...
About Yun Jin Friendship Lv. 4About Yun Jin Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About Yun Jin.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Yun_Jin.ogg When you're passing by Heyu Tea House and have to squeeze your way through the biggest crowd you've seen in your life, that's when you know Yun Jin's on stage performing. There's not a merchant in Liyue who wouldn't buy up the place if they had the chance, and Yun Jin is the reason it would be worth every Mora.
About the Anemo Archon Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout the Anemo Archon Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Keqing About Venti.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Venti.ogg Since Rex Lapis left us, the question of Liyue's future has been on my mind constantly. In addition to reviewing his own past deeds, I've been researching the other archons' modes of governance, too. Mondstadt's god is the one who baffles me the most though — how exactly do any of his actions contribute to the longevity of Mondstadt? It's completely beyond me.
About Yanfei Friendship Lv. 4About Yanfei Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About Yanfei.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Yanfei.ogg The way I see it, the law is a summary of things done the right way in the past. However, it should also be continuously adapted and improved to match the needs of the present. Given that Liyue is about to undergo a radical transformation, legal talent is in great demand. With an assistant like Yanfei, I could spare myself a great deal of trouble.
About Yelan Friendship Lv. 4About Yelan Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing About Yelan.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_About_Yelan.ogg Ms. Yelan's ancestors used to serve the Qixing. My grandfather and her family have had academic collaborations in the past. All in all, she's reliable, efficient, and provides important intel to the Ministry of Civil Affairs. I can't say for sure how Ms. Yelan actually gets her intel, however...
More About Keqing: IMore About Keqing: IMedia:VO_Keqing More About Keqing - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_More_About_Keqing_-_01.ogg You want to know more about me? Sure. Let's start with the principles that are central to the role of Yuheng. Once you've memorized the hundred or more contractual obligations of the position, you'll know my hopes and dreams like the back of your hand!
More About Keqing: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Keqing: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Keqing More About Keqing - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_More_About_Keqing_-_02.ogg Nothing exists independently, and there's nothing you can do to change that. So, when you drag your heels on one thing, you're actually causing chaos for a whole bunch of other connected issues, too. That's why I firmly believe you should never put off until tomorrow what you can do today. ...I'm also a very impatient person and can't stand procrastinating, so that's also part of it.
More About Keqing: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Keqing: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Keqing More About Keqing - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_More_About_Keqing_-_03.ogg Never mince your words with me, okay? Yuheng's just a title. I'll not have you treading on eggshells around me just because of my status. Say what's on your mind, always — that's what makes you unique, and it's the thing I admire about you the most.
More About Keqing: IV Friendship Lv. 5More About Keqing: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Keqing More About Keqing - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_More_About_Keqing_-_04.ogg We've been on our fair share of adventures together, haven't we? The more time we spend together, the more I think you're the person of my dreams, and— Huh? Why so shocked? You're a crucial part of my dreams for the new Liyue.
More About Keqing: V Friendship Lv. 6 A New Star ApproachesMore About Keqing: V Friendship Lv. 6 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Keqing More About Keqing - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_More_About_Keqing_-_05.ogg "The time has come for humanity to make its mark in the land of the Geo Archon"... Turns out that was quite an ambitious statement after all. But I want you to make me a promise: come and visit when the new Liyue Harbor is born. I will show you around. After all the help and support you've given me along the way, you deserve to see Liyue reborn with your own eyes. I owe you that much.
Keqing's HobbiesKeqing's HobbiesMedia:VO_Keqing Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Hobbies.ogg That indulgent feeling of being spoilt for choice between countless different varieties... That, to me, is the appeal of shopping.
Keqing's TroublesKeqing's TroublesMedia:VO_Keqing Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Troubles.ogg It's great that the quality of life in Liyue is improving for everyone. But one downside is the growing number of people who are happy to reap the rewards without doing their fair share of the work. The Liyue Qixing did not put in all this effort to create a more prosperous society just so people like them can loaf around.
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Keqing Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Favorite_Food.ogg It makes no logical sense to be greedy with food, but for me, all rationality goes out the window when there's Golden Shrimp Balls involved... They're just irresistible. The taste of a single Golden Shrimp Ball brings me so much joy that all the stress of work just melts away.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Keqing Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg Everything has a certain way it should taste. I won't touch anything that tries to break the mold, so no salted Almond Tofu for me, and no sweetened Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup either. It's just a total waste of perfectly good ingredients.
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO Keqing Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg Yep, that's right. My favorite.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO Keqing Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg The taste is fairly standard, but I can see you worked hard at it.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO Keqing Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg It seems quite a ways off from how it's supposed to taste...
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Keqing Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Birthday.ogg Happy birthday! I've got a very special gift for you. It might look like an ordinary old lantern, but this one runs on Electro energy and stays alight for a really long time. For those times when you need a little extra light in your life.
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Keqing Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg When your heart is set on something, you get closer to your goal with each passing day.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Keqing Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg Great, having another trick up my sleeve gives me more flexibility in rapidly changing circumstances.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Keqing Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg Yesterday's experiences make me stronger today. And most of those experiences are ones that I share with you.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Keqing Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg I feel I have grown immensely from my travels with you. If, one day, I finally manage to make my dreams a reality... I wonder, will you still be there by my side?
Combat
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Keqing Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Incoming!Media:VO Keqing Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Speed of light!Media:VO Keqing Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Don't blink.Media:VO Keqing Elemental Skill 1 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Elemental_Skill_1_04.ogg (Recast) Hah—!Media:VO Keqing Elemental Skill 1 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Elemental_Skill_1_05.ogg (Recast) Hey!Media:VO Keqing Elemental Skill 1 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Elemental_Skill_1_06.ogg (Recast) Huh!Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Keqing Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Nowhere to hide!Media:VO Keqing Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg With sword comes shadow!Media:VO Keqing Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Cut to the chase!Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Keqing Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Keqing Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Keqing Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndKeqing does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Keqing Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Keqing Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Keqing Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Keqing Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg You give, you receive.Media:VO Keqing Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg Not bad, as far as treasure is concerned...Media:VO Keqing Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg That's everything, on to the next.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Keqing Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Low_HP_01.ogg One step back, two forward...Media:VO Keqing Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Low_HP_02.ogg Stronger than I thought.Media:VO Keqing Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Low_HP_03.ogg Change of plan.Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Keqing Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Take five, I'll take over.Media:VO Keqing Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Watch yourself!FallenFallenMedia:VO Keqing Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Fallen_01.ogg Right idea, wrong time...Media:VO Keqing Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Fallen_02.ogg I will not go quietly...Media:VO Keqing Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Fallen_03.ogg What a let-down...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Keqing Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Ugh.Media:VO Keqing Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg I'll be fine.Media:VO Keqing Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Keqing Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Keqing Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Keqing Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Keqing Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Got lucky that time!Media:VO Keqing Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Keqing Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Keqing Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Keqing Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Keqing Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Keqing Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Joining_Party_01.ogg Let's go, time is against us.Media:VO Keqing Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Joining_Party_02.ogg Something's come up?Media:VO Keqing Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Joining_Party_03.ogg Let's finish this quickly.Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Media:VO Keqing Standby 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Standby_02.ogg Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Keqing Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Keqing Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Keqing Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Keqing Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Keqing Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Keqing Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Keqing Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Keqing Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Keqing Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Keqing Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Keqing Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Keqing Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Keqing Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Keqing Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Keqing Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Keqing Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Climbing_03.ogg Media:VO Keqing Climbing 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Climbing_04.ogg Media:VO Keqing Climbing 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Climbing_05.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Keqing Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Keqing Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Keqing Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Keqing Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Keqing Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Keqing Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Keqing Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Keqing Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Keqing_Jumping_05.ogg 
Navigation
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Keqing










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Keqing can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining her and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 Cloudy Haze Dream-Court
4.2 Glittering Street


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Keqing has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsCloudy Haze Dream-Court 20 1 20,000Glittering Street 20 2 20,000
Idle Quotes

 Field investigation...
 Let's get to work.
 No time to lose.
 The path of change...
 Let's go shopping...
(When the player is nearby)
 Hello.
 You seem pretty free...

Dialogue

Media:vo keqing mimitomo hello 01.ogg Keqing: Hello, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo keqing mimitomo hello 02.ogg Keqing: Hmm... looks like you're pretty free today.
 How do you like it here?
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Keqing: If you're asking from the perspective of comfort... I like it very much.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Keqing: But in my professional opinion... I think there's a lot of potential here that's not really being fully utilized.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Keqing: I mean, for starters, you don't even have to worry about mitigating natural disasters — or any other external risk factors for that matter. So that makes your land-use planning process a whole lot simpler.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Keqing: The main consideration for you is how to make the best use of the available space...
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Keqing Beyond that, you really want to think about the proportional allocation of resources...
 I think I got the general gist...
 Didn't understand a word...
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Keqing: Ah... don't mind me, I slipped back into work mode.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Keqing: Do whatever you like!
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Keqing: It's your home, after all, you should be the one to shape it!
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Keqing: Sure, why not?
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Keqing: Though I should warn you, most people aren't exactly enamored with my conversation.
 Oh, what do you mean?
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Keqing: Well, for example, a colleague once asked me: "Is there anything I can help you with, Ms. Keqing?"
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Keqing: To which I replied: "You can start by worrying about your own work rate."
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Keqing: After that, they never approached me again.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Keqing: Another person asked me: "Do you have any gift suggestions for Lady Ningguang?"
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Keqing: To which I replied: "Don't bother. Ningguang has no time for suck-ups."
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Keqing: Yeah... anyway, so now you know.
 Sounds like you're just a bit of a straight talker.
 I don't think you did anything bad.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Keqing: Yeah... I just think if you've got something to say, there's no point mincing your words.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Keqing: Sugar-coating the facts, kind lies... it's all a big waste of everyone's time.
 Getting to the point is certainly... underrated.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 11a 1.ogg Keqing: Exactly. See? You understand where I'm coming from.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 11a 2.ogg Keqing: I was right all along, we've got a lot in common.
 Still, doesn't being so blunt all the time affect what other people think of you?
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 11b 1.ogg Keqing: I could care less what those people think of me.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 11b 2.ogg Keqing: But your opinion...
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship2 11b 3.ogg Keqing: ...Well, that might make me think twice.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Is there anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Keqing: Sure, let's arrange an evening when both us are free.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Keqing: A little while ago, I took some time to survey every inch of this place.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Keqing: I found three locations where the scenery was quite beautiful, it really resonated with me.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Keqing: One of them was perfect for stargazing.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Keqing: So, are you interested?
 Of course!
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 06a 1.ogg Keqing: Great.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 06a 2.ogg Keqing: I was a little apprehensive actually, I was wondering how I could convince you if you refused at first...
 I never knew you had a stargazing hobby.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 06b.ogg Keqing: It's not really a hobby...
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Keqing: Personally, I consider it... a reward... for completing a stage of my work.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Keqing: Rare blessings like these... we mustn't let them got to waste.
 Keqing...
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Keqing: Now that I know you don't have any reservations, you better go and work it into your schedule!
Media:vo keqing mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Keqing: The sooner the better, as far as I'm concerned.
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Morning, Keqing.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo morning 01.ogg Keqing: Morning, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo keqing mimitomo morning 02.ogg Keqing: Ahem... Well, that's enough small talk for now. Call me if you need anything.
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Keqing. 
Media:vo keqing mimitomo night 01.ogg Keqing: Night, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo keqing mimitomo night 02.ogg Keqing: Wait! Remember... Don't put off until tomorrow what you haven't finished today.
Media:vo keqing mimitomo night 03.ogg Keqing: You can just hand it off to me instead.

Special Dialogue
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

Cloudy Haze Dream-Court

Media:Vo mimitomo ly keqing bedroom 01.ogg Keqing: Getting a good rest is indeed key to being productive in one's work.
Media:Vo mimitomo ly keqing bedroom 02.ogg Keqing: This bedroom has everything, except for one item: it needs a clock to gauge time with.
Media:Vo mimitomo ly keqing bedroom 03.ogg Keqing: I'll find some time to accompany you to shop for a clock, lest you oversleep and miss something important.

Glittering Street

Media:Vo mimitomo ly keqing store 01.ogg Keqing: As I thought, you've carefully observed the streets of Liyue.
Media:Vo mimitomo ly keqing store 02.ogg Keqing: Your understanding of the layout of stores and vendors is most detailed.
Media:Vo mimitomo ly keqing store 03.ogg Keqing: Would you be interested in discussing plans to improve Chihu Rock with me?

Change History
Released in Version 1.6[Create New History]
Navigation
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






