Neuvillette is the Iudex of Fontaine, and the leader of the Marechaussee Phantom. While Neuvillette upholds the rules of the court with utmost reverence, he is quite aloof when dealing with human emotions and often distances himself from the public eye.  





Clear Adjudication





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Neuvillette


De­scrip­tion
Neuvillette's outfit. The solemn, elegant garb of the Iudex. The complexity in its design does, in fact, cause some inconveniences in movement, but to its wearer, that it matches his standing is a more important matter.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


Clear Adjudication is Neuvillette's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance
2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
A black ribbon with a blue underside and gold ornamentation fastens his hair.  Two ornate gold hairclips fasten his hair above his left ear, with one bearing a feather-like blue attachment. He wears a white shirt with ruffled cuffs, with a ruffled white jabot at his collar. The jabot fades to blue at its tails, is darker blue around the neck, and is fastened in the center by an ornate gold brooch with an iridescent teardrop set in the center and a dangling blue teardrop gem. He has black gloves with gold rivets at the knuckles on both hands. Over the shirt is a long, navy-blue jacket with indigo patterns and gold details, including fleur-de-lis shaped closures on the folded cuffs. The sides of his jacket fade to brighter teal. Attached to the jacket is a dark blue capelet with wide notched lapels in gold and blue, with gold details and teal designs. From the two front ends of this capelet dangle two gold ornaments such that it resembles the scale of the Court of Fontaine.   
He wears navy-colored pants, over which are thigh-high black spats with golden details. His shoes are black with gold details and blue soles bearing the designs of the scales of Fontaine. 

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Neuvillette 1.mp4      Media:Idle Neuvillette 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Neuvillette.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Neuvillette.mp4      Media:Party Setup Neuvillette.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishClear Adjudication—Chinese(Simplified)澄流正裁Chinese(Traditional)澄流正裁Japanese清流の正裁Seiryuu no Seisai‍[!][!]Assumed readingClear Stream’s True Courtliness[• 1]Korean맑은 물결의 공정한 판결Malgeun Mulgyeol-ui Gongjeonghan Pan'gyeolFair Judgment of Clear WavesSpanishVeredicto impecableImpeccable VerdictFrenchArbitrage sans équivoqueUnequivocal ArbitrationRussianЧистое суждениеChistoye suzhdeniyeClear JudgmentThaiการพิพากษาที่ชัดเจนVietnamesePhán Quyết Trong SạchPure JudgementGermanEindeutiges UrteilIndonesianClear Adjudication—PortugueseJulgamento ClaroTurkishKesin HükümItalianGiudizio perspicuoPerspicuous Judgment
↑ Japanese: 清流 seiryuu may also refer to a person of integrity and innocence.


Change History[]
Released in Version 4.1[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
You wouldn't exactly describe the Iudex of Fontaine as "approachable." It's hard to say whether it's just in his nature, or because he has secrets to hide.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction
4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 A Fontainian Nursery Rhyme
4.8 Vision


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 Archon Quests
7.2 Story Quests
7.3 Events
7.4 Web Events


8 Character Trials

8.1 Events
8.2 Test Run Events


9 Character Mentions

9.1 Character Stories
9.2 Character Voice-Overs


10 Trivia

10.1 Etymology


11 Notes
12 Other Languages

12.1 Character Title: Ordainer of Inexorable Judgment


13 References
14 Navigation


Personality
The Chief Justice of Fontaine, known as the Iudex, is renowned for his unassailable impartiality.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
In accordance to his role as the Chief Justice, Neuvillette takes the court and trials very seriously, handing out verdicts with impartiality. He is notably perceptive, being able to hear Paimon's whispers and is able to deduce the additional details from the evidence provided to him during a trial. He utilizes the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale to make the final decision, honoring its request regardless of his own feelings on the matter as per protocol.
Due to his position and ties to the Hydro Archon, he is popular among Fontaine's people as a symbol of justice and honor. As a member of the Seven Sovereigns, Neuvillette is unfamiliar with human customs and feelings, using the court to help him process and understand them. He rarely spends his time out in public, as he does not enjoy unwanted attention, and in the few times he speaks to humans, he appears to be aloof, though honest in his words. However, when interacting with Melusines, he is extremely friendly, seen as the ideal father by them; likewise, he is fiercely protective of them, considering them the pride of Fontaine and investigating matters himself should he hear of a Melusine being bullied or threatened. This stems from his failure to protect his friend and subordinate, Carole, when she was driven to death due to Fontainian's prejudice, and Neuvillette being forced to sentence his other friend, Vautrin, for carrying out a revenge killing for Carole, he had since resolved to prevent such tragedy from happening ever again.
When he was initially reincarnated, Neuvillette was left with many questions about himself, leading to him accepting a position as the Iudex. His time overseeing trials led him to experience a plethora of human experiences and emotions, which was secretly prepared by Focalors in the hopes that his newfound perception would save the people of Fontaine from a looming prophecy that would exterminate them. Upon learning the full extent of Focalors' deception, he admitted that she was devious and was both saddened and shocked by her self-sacrifice. Indeed, having seen humanity positively, Neuvillette used his fully restored powers to save the people and left aside fragments of his power in the form of Visions for those worthy of them.
Neuvillette opposes the Heavenly Principles, and by extension The Seven, as they usurped the authority of the Dragons that once ruled Teyvat. This appears to be more of a professional standpoint than a personal matter, as he expresses surprise at the current status of some Archons, like Barbatos, while respecting Lesser Lord Kusanali for her duties.
Despite his appearance, Neuvillette enjoys water and is an avid taster, being able to discern the properties of where the water came from and how it's prepared; as a result, this also extends to him liking food with plenty of sauce. He does not like deep fried food and grilled food with no sauce, especially taking great offence to Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cakes.

Appearance
See also: Clear Adjudication
Neuvillette uses the tall male model. He has pale skin, dark blue-shaded slit eyes, pointed ears, and waist length white hair with a single lock that has a blue underside. He also has what appears to be two bright, blue horn-like accessories at shoulder length.

Official Introduction
He who looks down on all that are haughty
Someday, when they return, their true ordeal shall begin.—Xbalanque, One Entombed With the Primal Fire
"Given that our previous behind-the-scenes editorial on the Hydro Archon earned us the honorable epithet of 'tabloid journalism' from our dear Monsieur Neuvillette, this time we'll be focusing on the mysterious Iudex himself. We know little indeed of his true character, and sadly our multiple requests for an interview were all turned down. Instead, we have decided to reach out and draw upon the wisdom of the masses. In the pursuit of the truth, all anonymous submissions and attestations of manifestly questionable veracity have been filtered out. We were rather intrigued, however, by the following letter written in a particularly adorable script:
...
"If the Darknight Hero really does exist, he's probably just someone in disguise. When he gets up in the morning to brush his teeth, it's the real him. Only in the dead of night does he become the Darknight Hero. But not (Monsieur) Neuvillette. The Chief Justice IS the real him. For us Melusines, our ideal of the perfect father — that's also the real him. The only person that isn't really him is the one that goes by the name of Neuvillette."
From this, we can safely surmise... that Neuvillette must be the only male Melusine! Granted, the Melusines actually appeared much later than when Neuvillette took up his post. But in the face of such ironclad evidence, there's bound to be some way of explaining this!"
— Seven Nations Gazette, a notorious tabloid

Character Stories
Character Details
Neuvillette is a solitary person.Fontainians who have tried to get close to him have, without exception, been politely rejected. To this day, no one even knows his first name, since he has always asked that he be referred to by his last name.He believes that close personal ties will lead to suspicions about the justness of one's judgments, while he must remain a symbol of absolute justice.Of course, there will always be people who just won't give up. They will say, "Come now, Monsieur Neuvillette. Not everyone will stand trial, nor will you always have to remain in the judge's seat."But is that really the case? If there is an answer in his heart, Neuvillette will not reveal it.Given enough time, every river will overflow and flood. Every last Fontainian is guilty, with judgment and doom certain to one day fall upon them — this is neither metaphor nor rhetoric.Yet, Neuvillette can share this fact with no one.Truly, he is a lonesome person.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
Neuvillette is not known for his personal desires.Curious members of the public and journalists are wont to seek high and low for him all across Fontaine when he is not sitting in the Chief Justice's seat of judgment. He may sit at a seat for specially invited guests during performances, appear by the shore when the skies are just on the cusp of weeping, or be standing within the shadows cast by the afternoon sun.There was once a time when all believed that he was some kind of demon who existed solely to preside over trials and judge, forcing him to clarify that... Well, the gist of it was "to bear witness and judge is my great honor, but I am not a trial aficionado. Iudex is simply one of the hats I wear, and my time as a judge is but one phase of my life."This successful clarification led him out of the frying pan, and into the fire, as they say — "Shocking News! Neuvillette Claims 'Iudex' to be 'Springboard' Post! Unspeakable Plans Next; Where Will His Ambition End?"As for the new rumors, Neuvillette paid them no heed. Perhaps they were, in fact, right on the Mora, and he simply did not correct them out of principle? No one knows.Neuvillette is also not much of a drinker, nor does he like Fonta — indeed, he has never even been known to have given any sincere praise to the local chefs' most renowned dishes. This has led people to suspect that his lack of consumptive desire might come down to him simply not having a sense of taste.His response was to organize a water-tasting salon party, at which all were gobsmacked by the wide variety of flavors water from different regions could possess and floored by the Iudex's most refined tastes. Of course, the amount of authenticity present in such interactions cannot be known.But whatever the case, Neuvillette really is devoid of selfish want.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
Neuvillette is a just person.If not for that quality, he probably would not have been qualified to serve as the Iudex in the first place.To the children, the job of the man in the judge's seat is nothing more than wearing a wig, maintaining order in the court, and being the Oratrice's messenger pigeon. In truth, however, there are many administrative affairs that he must handle in private to keep the justice system up and running.Due to certain historical and traditional legacies in Fontaine, the Iudex also has the right to prosecute, as well as the power to enforce the law in person. This was originally intended to make it easier to maintain law and order during chaotic times, but as the system became further refined, this rule, which represented the spirit of the pioneer far more than that of the law, became maintained only symbolically. When the Iudex investigates a case or serves as the prosecutor, they must recuse themselves as judge, and have someone else take the seat. And in the few instances where he has personally investigated cases, Neuvillette has unerringly followed this rule.One thing to note is that he has been the only Iudex in the land for a very long time, so much so that people often speculate that he must have been given an unimaginably long life due to divine favor. As such, it is well that he is nothing if not fair-minded, or such an extensive term would surely lead to problems someday.As to what he is precisely — a familiar of the Hydro Archon, or a mysterious Hydro elemental creature, perhaps — there are a great many opinions, though Neuvillette has never once commented on such talk.Indeed, he is a person most impartial.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4  •  Masquerade of the Guilty
Due to a variety of reasons, Fontaine's legal codices retain all manner of odd articles from days past. Neuvillette himself contributed this clause: "A Melusine shall be addressed as 'she,' rather than 'it,' for they are people too."This might look strange on its face, but the more one considers it, the more it makes sense. After all, Melusines have been found all over Fontaine since near-modern times, and fighting for equal rights for them beginning with terms of address sent a powerful signal.Indeed, Fontainians have noticed that Neuvillette displays different amounts of warmth toward Melusines and humans. Most regard this as the understated goodness in his heart having found an outlet, becoming the love of a father.Oddly enough, this one only gets stranger the more one knows about Neuvillette.For he is the Hydro Dragon, and in this capacity, he regards Melusines as dependents and successors, and also as the finest example of a new sort of Hydro Vishap species. Yet he is also the destroyer of the present order, the one who shall judge all gods, and the foe of humanity. So why, then, did he secure human rights for the Melusines?You alone could ask him this question, and this was his reply: "It wasn't up to me. Melusines simply prefer being around humans, that's all."Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5  •  Masquerade of the Guilty
Neuvillette has always favored rainy days over sunny ones, as the moisture-laden air helps him relax. However, it has been a long time since he last delighted in standing under the rain.It seems that from the time he chose to walk alongside Fontaine, he began to play the role of a strictly law-abiding normal person. Of course, normal people would not walk through the rain without an umbrella, allowing the rain to drench their hair.It is worth mentioning that the role of Chief Justice is as much his true self as the Hydro Dragon is his essence. Only the role of "normal human" is one he must play.It was in their solitude and guilt that humans invented a god to judge them, and in their greed and guilt that they created a god to save them. And with that god no longer present, it falls to Neuvillette to fulfill such expectations.He has pardoned humanity, and has regained his original form.Now, he can finally walk in the rain and enjoy it.Indeed, he did do exactly this, and standing in the rain, he gazed into the distance, reminiscing about that day, so long ago, when he had received that letter.Yes, a letter had found its way to him by some unknown means. The name of the recipient had been left blank, with the text only addressing him bluntly as "you."A special you. A unique you. Neuvillette was not opposed to such a manner, but neither did he approve of it. He felt, vaguely, that the powers-that-be of the present world had no real right to judge him so.He knew that this letter had been written by the Archon Focalors, who was inviting him to come and see Fontaine, claiming "I shall leave you a seat with the best view in the greatest theater."Later, he would indeed come to receive that very seat — in the middle of the front row of the Opera Epiclese on the island known as Erinnyes. He would watch all manner of performances there, and the view was indeed excellent, just as Focalors had claimed.What happened later was not made public knowledge. In all likelihood, the people had no way of understanding what it meant that the throne was shattered, or how the power of water was fully restored to its original owner. As to their being pardoned, and why they had to be forgiven in the first place, that was an even broader and more complex tale.And thus did the curtain fall — Fontaine witnessed a happy ending to the greatest drama in history.Or was it? A happy ending, that is. It was then that Neuvillette understood that the "seat" mentioned in the letter was not merely a chair in an opera house.Focalors — or Furina, he should say — had given up her seat in the audience, come onstage alone, and become the heroine of the drama.There were only ever a fixed number of seats, and for one to sit down, was for another to depart. That letter had been an invitation, issued several centuries in advance.Well, Hydro Dragon? How do you feel about becoming a member of the human audience?Are you enjoying this human drama?Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6  •  Masquerade of the Guilty
One as great as he should have no need for a constellation to shine over him. After all, "fate" is merely the manner in which the present ruler of this world plays with living beings.Now that he has obtained one part of seven of the authority over the mortal realm, and reforged the throne and title of a "Fully Fledged Dragon," he is one strong enough to equal and rival "the human realm," and logic would dictate that he need not subscribe to this system known as "fate."He can see, in the skies of destiny, how many stars contend with one another, creating a complicated, fragile world. He did not initially care much about such, for the puppet strings glossed as "divine rules" would one day be burned away by the fires of judgment. But he too was taken in by certain pleasing rhetoric."In that case, why don't you just watch over the Fontainians? They were born from the Primordial Sea, after all. That makes them part of this planet's native life, too, and a form of life that requires your care."He would never admit that he himself had become quite fascinated with the joys and sorrows of humanity. Was it not so, he would argue, that humans find their gaze stolen by the ripples from falling raindrops in puddles? And could it not be, he would explain, that King Nibelung had been wrong, and that the black void could only be opposed if all life were to band together as one?Thus did he, in the end, come into his own "fate." The skies had left a special, ennobled place for him, one reserved for the overseers and those who could defy the world itself — that of his own reflection.—Of course, he was born in the form of a human. But why, then, is his constellation the image of the great leviathan? Well, this leads us to a more mundane explanation for the situation, one quite separate from grave matters of the world's fate:As the one named "Neuvillette," he would often be roped by Melusines (especially Sigewinne) into a bit of astrology via The Steambird's constellation columns or astrology guides from Sumeru. Would it really do, at that point, to tell them that he "didn't have a constellation" or that his own constellation was just "Neuvillette"?A Fontainian Nursery Rhyme Friendship Lv. 4  •  Masquerade of the Guilty
"Hydro Dragon, Hydro Dragon, don't cry."No one knows who composed this children's song, or when, but it has organically spread throughout Fontaine all the same. Neuvillette has been somewhat perplexed by this. No matter how much time he has spent with Fontainians or how much they've been through together, he still cannot quite put a finger on how people view the real him — or that is to say, the Hydro Dragon.In addition to commanding the power of Hydro, the Hydro Dragon also had mastery over the sea that was the source of life. Before any outside life forms were ever created, all life on this planet traced its origins to the Primordial Sea. Indeed, those placid waters were worthy of the title of "birthing waters" or "amniotic fluid" given by those who came after. And the Hydro Dragon could, in turn, be regarded as this planet's original "God of Life."Neuvillette knows all this, of course, just like he knows that all rivers meet again in the great ocean. These birthing waters might not be of any special importance to humans, but for Neuvillette, he can differentiate every drop, every minute memory. He still remembers the foreign usurper appointing their own "God of Life" to order the living. He still remembers how the usurper had made "her" to suppress the original vital force of this planet. And of course, he also knows how "she" came to commit the original sin...Having considered all this, Neuvillette decided, then, that whoever had penned that rhyme, as well as the Fontainians who came to believe in it, must not have known the Hydro Dragon all that well, considering that they thought the Hydro Dragon could cry. What did they take said Dragon for, some sort of bleeding heart who grieved for humans and the heavens alike?Vision Friendship Lv. 6  •  Masquerade of the Guilty
Neuvillette does not need a Vision to manipulate the elements. However, there were some things he learned only after regaining his complete form:Severely wounded in the great war of vengeance, the usurper had their functions ruined, and could no longer use their absolute authority to suppress the original order of this world. To continue to subdue and control the resentments and loathing of the world, the usurper and one who came after created the Gnoses together. So it came to be that an order was made to be upheld, and thus did humans come to only possess these seven remembrances, and all fragments of the primordial were driven to devour each other.From that day on, whenever a person's wishes reached the heavens, the seven overseers of the material realm were duty-bound to grant them a gift. Though they might know nothing of who or what wish had stepped into the threshold of the sacred, the Seven Archons still had to impart a shattered shard of their mastery to that person. And when one so gifted completed their duty... the gift the gods would receive in return would be more abundant still.Neuvillette obeys no edict from the heavens, but he does acknowledge human will. So he too set aside parts of himself, as like unto the dragon-treasure hoards of old, awaiting valiant humans to come and claim them.
Namecard


Neuvillette: Surge




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with NeuvilletteDescription:The water's surface may seem placid as a pristine gem, but it may yet be lying in wait for an opportune moment to gush forth.

Constellation
Leviathan JudicatorStory Chapter:Diluvies 
Quests and Events
Archon QuestsChapter IVAct I: Prelude of Blancheur and NoirceurThe City of Rains and RemembranceLies Cast Shadows Under Gathered LightsAct II: As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonThe Truth, Lost With the RainWhen All Return to the WatersAct III: To the Stars Shining in the DepthsA Tea Party Most ThornyAct IV: Cataclysm's QuickeningCalamitous TreadAct V: Masquerade of the GuiltyDeluge of Wrathful WatersMeeting Is Also PartingHunters, ProphetsApocalypseThe Opera of Noirceur and BlancheurFinaleStory QuestsAnimula Choragi Chapter (Furina)Act I: "The Little Oceanid"This Life, Just Like a Light Trickle of SongDiluvies Chapter (Neuvillette)Act I: The Remains of the Past DayA Familiar ThreatEver-Surging MemoriesIn a New LightIgnis Purgatorius Chapter (Arlecchino)Act I: When the Hearth-Flame Goes OutBirds in a CageNereides Chapter (Sigewinne)Act I: The Warmth of LiesThe Truth of What WasEventsRoses and MusketsAct I: The Crack of Muskets Breaking the SilenceThe Crack of Muskets Breaking the SilenceVibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring BreezeHustle and BustleWeb EventsSuddenly the Rain StopsDiscover TeyvatLean, Mean, Cleaning Machine!Starlit LetterSavoring the BreezeAn Eventful VacationHeartfelt Doodlings
Character Trials
EventsThe Peaks and Troughs of LifeMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterPurgation CounterstrikeTriumphant FrenzyThe Great Fayz Reaction DebateVibro-Crystal ApplicationsTest Run EventsNeuvillette, Hu Tao, Xingqiu, Diona, Fischl — 2023-09-27Neuvillette, Kaedehara Kazuha, Xingqiu, Yanfei — 2024-04-02
Character Mentions
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesFurinaCharacter DetailsNaviaAs "Hydro Dragon Sovereign":Character Story 5SigewinneCharacter Story 2WriothesleyVisionCharacter Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversArlecchinoAbout Neuvillette Media:VO_Arlecchino About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Arlecchino About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO JA_Arlecchino About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO KO_Arlecchino About Neuvillette.ogg Monsieur Neuvillette intentionally maintains a certain "distance" in professional and private settings. Many say this makes him cold and unfeeling, but I believe the truth is just the opposite. In order for all beings to be treated equally under the law, a certain level of emotional distance is expected. Maintaining that kind of indifference is, in itself, a demonstration of kindness.CharlotteAbout Neuvillette Media:VO_Charlotte About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Charlotte About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO JA_Charlotte About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO KO_Charlotte About Neuvillette.ogg If you want to interview the Iudex, you have to provide all the interview questions in advance and get them reviewed by the relevant department at the Palais Mermonia, who decide which questions to approve and which ones you're not allowed to ask... It's their way of making sure the interview goes off without a hitch. It's such a rigmarole. I'm losing the will to live just talking about it.ChevreuseAbout Neuvillette Media:VO_Chevreuse About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Chevreuse About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO JA_Chevreuse About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO KO_Chevreuse About Neuvillette.ogg Everyone knows that the Iudex abstains himself of all personal emotion when presiding over a trial. Some even say he lacks the warmth of human emotion. But the way I see it, justice should remain uncorrupted by personal feelings. Those who break the law bear guilt. It's as simple as that.ClorindeAbout Neuvillette Media:VO_Clorinde About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Clorinde About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO JA_Clorinde About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO KO_Clorinde About Neuvillette.ogg No one is in any doubt as to the Iudex's authority. He always delivers a fair verdict — and when necessary, I will reiterate the fairness of this verdict with my sword.FreminetAbout Neuvillette Media:VO_Freminet About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Freminet About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO JA_Freminet About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO KO_Freminet About Neuvillette.ogg One day when I surfaced after a dive, the Chief Justice was just standing there alone on the beach. I don't know whether he had something on his mind, or was just enjoying the view... Obviously, I didn't ask. I only locked eyes with him for a split-second before disappearing back underwater. Thinking back, I must have looked so guilty... *sigh*FurinaSomething to Share: Opera Media:VO_Furina Something to Share - Opera.ogg Media:VO ZH_Furina Something to Share - Opera.ogg Media:VO JA_Furina Something to Share - Opera.ogg Media:VO KO_Furina Something to Share - Opera.ogg Fontaine's opera house has seen several reforms, and with each reform, opposition was to be expected. As I remember, crowds would often gather in the opera house making a ruckus... That one time, it became so loud my ears were ringing. I frightened them by stating, "I forbid anyone from discussing such pointless matters!", I clearly remember Neuvillette tapping his cane on the ground at that precise moment while the whole place immediately fell silent. Sometimes I can't help but inadvertently show my intimidating side... I hope my people understands.  [sic]About Neuvillette Media:VO_Furina About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Furina About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO JA_Furina About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO KO_Furina About Neuvillette.ogg I'm very grateful to Neuvillette for all the hard work he's done for Fontaine in the past few centuries. It seems he doesn't intend to investigate my crimes of deceiving the people. Anyway, we're no longer working in tandem, and it's been a long time since I've been to the Palais Mermonia. I imagine that this is good for both of us, right?About Wriothesley Media:VO_Furina About Wriothesley.ogg Media:VO ZH_Furina About Wriothesley.ogg Media:VO JA_Furina About Wriothesley.ogg Media:VO KO_Furina About Wriothesley.ogg I haven't communicated with him much, but Neuvillette claims he's trustworthy, so I suppose he must be a good person. Oh, come to think of it, I've received some tea from Wriothesley before and it was exquisite!LynetteAbout Neuvillette Media:VO_Lynette About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette About Neuvillette.ogg The Chief Justice always feels strangely aloof, though his words are always humble... or perhaps he just doesn't like dealing with humans? After all, when he speaks with Melusines, he's actually quite friendly.LyneyAbout Neuvillette Media:VO_Lyney About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lyney About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO JA_Lyney About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO KO_Lyney About Neuvillette.ogg Monsieur Neuvillette rarely appears in public, almost as if he's intentionally trying to put some distance between himself and the people. At first, I thought it might be just me, but my ever-observant sister noticed it too, so I suppose that must really be the case.NaviaAbout Neuvillette Media:VO_Navia About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Navia About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO JA_Navia About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO KO_Navia About Neuvillette.ogg Ah, how to describe Monsieur Neuvillette... He's... complex, in some ways — but very straightforward in others. I guess a good analogy would be rocky reefs in the sea: Trying to navigate through obstacles you can't see makes for a bumpy ride, but if you can figure out how they work, you start to spot the signs.SigewinneWhen It Rains Media:VO_Sigewinne When It Rains.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sigewinne When It Rains.ogg Media:VO JA_Sigewinne When It Rains.ogg Media:VO KO_Sigewinne When It Rains.ogg Oh... I wonder what's on Monsieur Neuvillette's mind right now...In the Desert Media:VO_Sigewinne In the Desert.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sigewinne In the Desert.ogg Media:VO JA_Sigewinne In the Desert.ogg Media:VO KO_Sigewinne In the Desert.ogg Make sure to stay hydrated. Monsieur Neuvillette loves drinking water. It's a very healthy habit.About Neuvillette: Respect Media:VO_Sigewinne About Neuvillette - Respect.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sigewinne About Neuvillette - Respect.ogg Media:VO JA_Sigewinne About Neuvillette - Respect.ogg Media:VO KO_Sigewinne About Neuvillette - Respect.ogg Monsieur Neuvillette was the one who brought the Melusines to the Court of Fontaine and found jobs for us to do. Together, we integrated into Fontaine society and learned about the wonders of humanity. I have huge respect for him, and I really like humans too. Hmm? Who would I save first if Monsieur Neuvillette and a human fell into the water? Well, that's easy. He'd definitely help me bring the human safely to shore.About Neuvillette: Familiars Media:VO_Sigewinne About Neuvillette - Familiars.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sigewinne About Neuvillette - Familiars.ogg Media:VO JA_Sigewinne About Neuvillette - Familiars.ogg Media:VO KO_Sigewinne About Neuvillette - Familiars.ogg We Melusines are Monsieur Neuvillette's familiars, but that doesn't mean he shows us any favor beyond what is fair and legal. I willingly accepted when he put me on trial, and I fully agreed with his verdict. I remember the day I left for the Fortress of Meropide, it was raining really hard. But I didn't feel like the raindrops were cold at all. They were warm and gentle, just like the way Monsieur Neuvillette looks at me...More About Sigewinne: IV Media:VO_Sigewinne More About Sigewinne - 04.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sigewinne More About Sigewinne - 04.ogg Media:VO JA_Sigewinne More About Sigewinne - 04.ogg Media:VO KO_Sigewinne More About Sigewinne - 04.ogg Once upon a time in Fontaine, humans and Melusines didn't get along like they do today. Some people feared and hated us because they heard that we were born from the body of Elynas... Others didn't trust Monsieur Neuvillette, and by extension they didn't trust us Melusines either... And maybe some of them were just subconsciously wary of us because we looked different... Back then, it was really difficult to make human friends. So I really treasured that one little girl who knew I was a Melusine but was still willing to hold my little round hand...WriothesleyAbout Neuvillette Media:VO_Wriothesley About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Wriothesley About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO JA_Wriothesley About Neuvillette.ogg Media:VO KO_Wriothesley About Neuvillette.ogg I was once summoned by Neuvillette to discuss some matters with him in his office. When I approached the Palais Mermonia, I saw him standing by the road, completely drenched in the rain. I held out an umbrella for him, and while he thanked me politely, his expression was a little... distressed, I guess. I can only assume that I had disturbed him in the middle of something.
Trivia
Excluding the Traveler and Dainsleif, Neuvillette is the first playable character who was introduced without any known or apparent source for their elemental powers; all other characters have a Vision (or ostensibly have one), or, for the Archons, their former Gnosis.
His powers derive from his status as one of the reborn Seven Sovereigns.
Before completing Archon Quest Chapter IV: Act IV - Cataclysm's Quickening, Neuvillette's Profile section lists the source of his Hydro powers and constellation as "???" After completing it, the power source and constellation are revealed to be "Ancient Dragon's Authority" and "Leviathan Judicator," respectively.
Neuvillette is the first playable character who has an idle animation that causes an Element (in his case, Hydro) to be applied to himself.
The light source and shading of Neuvillette's Wish Art differs from that of his Card.
According to Furina, Neuvillette is several thousand years old.[2][Note 1]
Neuvillette became the Iudex of Fontaine over four hundred years ago.[3]
Neuvillette is one of the few currently playable characters who acknowledges that the Traveler is from another world, presumably because of his status as one of the Seven Sovereigns, their shared experiences of being outsiders to Fontaine, and his knowledge of the Traveler as the fourth Descender.[4][5]
The title of Neuvillette's Character Introduction, "He who looks down on all that are haughty," is likely a reference to the verse Job 41:34 in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible, which speaks about the Leviathan.[6]
Neuvillette is known by these aliases or titles:
Chief Justice of Fontaine
Dragon of Water
Hydro Dragon
Connoisseur of Teyvat's Natural Waters (Self-Proclaimed)[7]
Neuvillette was first mentioned through his comment in Nahida's official introduction.
Neuvillette is the second character whose Story Quest Chapter name does not derive from their Constellation, following Zhongli.
Neuvillette is the first and only playable character so far to be known just by their surname.
Neuvillette is mentioned in the description of the following Furnishing: "Ladle of the Leisurely Sea-Beast"
Etymology
The French word and name Neuvillette can be deconstructed into three parts: neu-, derived from neuf or neuve, which means "new"; -ville-, which means "city" or "town"; and -ette, a suffix used with grammatically feminine words to indicate diminution or endearment.
When used as a surname, Neuville is historically often paired with the nobiliary particle de placed between the first name and surname, indicating a family's city of origin or dominion.
The name Neuvillette may be a reference to Christian de Neuvillette, the deuteragonist of Cyrano de Bergerac, who himself is loosely based on the real-life Christophe de Champagne, baron de Neuvillette. In the play, Christian is a fair-faced man but lacks eloquence and wit; with the help of the play's main character, Cyrano, he wins the heart of Cyrano's distant cousin Roxane, but later dies during the Siege of Arras. Nothing is known about the real-life Christophe besides his death during the Siege of Arras and his marriage to Madeleine Robineau, Baronne de Neuvillette.
There are three French villages named Neuvillette. One of those villages is located in the French region that is closest to Great Britain, a region directly connected to Britain via an underwater railway tunnel, the Channel Tunnel.
Notes

↑ In Chinese version, the phrase used here is 至少上千岁了吧, which translates as “at least a thousand years old”.




Other Languages
Character Title: Ordainer of Inexorable Judgment

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishOrdainer of Inexorable Judgment—Chinese(Simplified)谕告的潮音Yùgào de CháoyīnChinese(Traditional)諭告的潮音Yùgào de CháoyīnJapanese告諭の潮騒Kokuyu no ShiosaiOfficial Notice of the Waves’ RoarKorean훈시의 파도 소리Hunsi-ui Pado SoriWave Sounds of InstructionSpanishEl Sentenciador de lo InexorableThe Sentencer of the InexorableFrenchOrdonnateur du jugement inexorableOrdainer of Inexorable JudgmentRussianРаспорядитель неумолимого судаRasporyaditel' neumolimogo sudaAdministrator of Inexorable JudgmentThaiคลื่นประกาศิตพ้องชะตาVietnameseTiếng Sóng Phán QuyếtThe Sound of Judgment WavesGermanFäller des unerbittlichen UrteilsIndonesianOrdainer of Inexorable Judgment—PortugueseOrdenador das MarésOrdainer of the TidesTurkishKaçınılmaz YargıItalianSentenza ineluttabileInescapable Sentence
References

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Neuvillette

↑ Event Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze World Quest: Hustle and Bustle

↑ Story Quest, Neuvillette, Diluvies Chapter: Act I - The Remains of the Past Day, Part 1: A Familiar Threat

↑ Story Quest, Neuvillette, Diluvies Chapter: Act I - The Remains of the Past Day, Part 1: A Familiar Threat (Cutscene Summary)

↑ Archon Quest, Chapter IV, Act V - Masquerade of the Guilty, Part 6: Finale

↑ Bible Gateway: Job 41:34 NIV - It looks down on all that are haughty;

↑ YouTube: Collected Miscellany - "Sigewinne: Gentle Spirit of the Sea" (Video Description)


Navigation
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story
2 Combat
3 Navigation


Story[]

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Neuvillette Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Hello.ogg Greetings. I am the Chief Justice, or "Iudex" of Fontaine, but you may simply address me by using my surname, "Neuvillette." Not because I wish to keep my distance from you... No, I am merely conscious that being overly familiar may bring the impartiality of the judiciary into question in some people's eyes.If you have any requests or concerns, then — to the extent permissible by law, at least — we can sit down and discuss them together as we partake of some imported water from Qiaoying Village.
Chat: TrialsChat: TrialsMedia:VO_Neuvillette Chat - Trials.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Chat_-_Trials.ogg I see the value in my own work, but I also see the meaning in all the endeavors of the people of Fontaine. I believe I will continue to take pride in fulfilling my duties.
Chat: Water TastingChat: Water TastingMedia:VO_Neuvillette Chat - Water Tasting.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Chat_-_Water_Tasting.ogg Water comes in many flavors to the discerning palate. Mondstadt's water is crisp and pure, while water from Liyue has an enduring aftertaste. In Inazuma, the water possesses a depth of flavor unlike any other. Sumeru's water, meanwhile, has a rich and complex flavor profile, but it must be savored patiently to fully appreciate it.
Chat: MelusinesChat: MelusinesMedia:VO_Neuvillette Chat - Melusines.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Chat_-_Melusines.ogg Melusines are beautiful creatures. They are the pride of Fontaine. Be sure to befriend them, and cause them no harm.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Neuvillette When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_When_It_Rains.ogg Ah, my apologies. This heavy rain must be quite an inconvenience for you.
After the RainAfter the RainMedia:VO_Neuvillette After the Rain.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_After_the_Rain.ogg It's over...
When Thunder Strikes Cataclysm's QuickeningWhen Thunder Strikes Cataclysm's QuickeningMedia:VO_Neuvillette When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg What's that saying again... "A bolt from the blue"? Yes, yes, I believe that captures how it feels to me.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Neuvillette When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_When_It_Snows.ogg Snow is in fact one of water's natural self-cleansing mechanisms. But human activity tends to reduce snow's purity, so do not consume it.
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Neuvillette When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg I find that the, um... beauty of bright sunlight is best appreciated from the indoors through a window.
In the DesertIn the DesertMedia:VO_Neuvillette In the Desert.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_In_the_Desert.ogg I cannot help but feel that you bringing me here is some sort of an assassination attempt...
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Neuvillette Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Good_Morning.ogg Good morning. I hope you have a wonderful day.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Neuvillette Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Good_Afternoon.ogg Ah, it's past noon. You must be looking forward to your afternoon tea or coffee break? I certainly am.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Neuvillette Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Good_Evening.ogg Good evening. I hope you have not encountered any unpleasantness today.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Neuvillette Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Good_Night.ogg Good night. I am quite fond of the image of a perfectly still body of water, and it is on this note that I would like to wish you a peaceful, undisturbed sleep. May no waves of emotional distress ripple through your dreams tonight.
About Neuvillette: TrialsAbout Neuvillette: TrialsMedia:VO_Neuvillette About Neuvillette - Trials.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_Neuvillette_-_Trials.ogg I am no rabid fan of trials. I preside over them only out of duty, for this is the task that has been entrusted to me.
About Neuvillette: The Weeping Hydro Dragon Friendship Lv. 4About Neuvillette: The Weeping Hydro Dragon Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Neuvillette About Neuvillette - The Weeping Hydro Dragon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_Neuvillette_-_The_Weeping_Hydro_Dragon.ogg So you have heard of that local legend as well? *sigh* Who told you about that? Or more pertinently, who was responsible for spreading it in the first place... Well, never mind. I don't think that the Hydro Dragon would "weep," per se. I think he just finds himself a little stirred when he gets a taste of the tears that have been shed on this land, on account of all the emotions they contain.
About Neuvillette: The Meaning of Trials Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Neuvillette: The Meaning of Trials Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Neuvillette About Neuvillette - The Meaning of Trials.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_Neuvillette_-_The_Meaning_of_Trials.ogg This is a topic that's been discussed ad nauseum... I don't mean to condescend to humanity, but it is quite clear to me that society's concepts of justice, fairness, equality, and rule of law are not equivalent, and can never be. Now of course, water always seeks its own level, and it was in this spirit that the previous Hydro Archon, Egeria, hoped to achieve universal equality by connecting all things with love. Her successor chose instead to seek equality by means of the law. But ultimately, due to various external factors, this unfortunately manifested itself in the distorted form of trials for the sake of trials. Nevertheless, there are reasons for everything. I should refrain from criticizing her.(Actual Voice-Over: [...] Nevertheless, there are reasons for everything — I suppose I should refrain from criticizing her.)
About Us: Witness Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Us: Witness Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Neuvillette About Us - Witness.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_Us_-_Witness.ogg Since you hail from beyond the stars, I invite you to be my witness as I judge this upended world. "This realm dismantled was of the Formidable Father himself, but what now reigns here is a cluster of filthy feathers. Though we live in a world of disarray, I shall undertake to restore all that has been broken."
About Us: The Human World Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Us: The Human World Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Neuvillette About Us - The Human World.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_Us_-_The_Human_World.ogg The time that I have spent living among the citizens of Fontaine, and traveling with you, has transformed my views. Besides this, I pardoned the sins of humanity long ago, so I can promise you that my future judgments will not cause any harm to the common folk. Nevertheless, my grievances with the usurpers have yet to be settled... They owe a debt of blood that shall not be forgotten.(Actual Voice-Over: The time that I have spent living among the citizens of Fontaine, and traveling with you, has transformed my views. Even though before this I has pardoned the sins of humanity long ago, I can promise you that my future judgments will not cause any harm to the common folk. That being said, my grievances with the usurpers have yet to be settled... They owe a debt of blood that shall not be forgotten.)
About the Vision: I Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningAbout the Vision: I Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningMedia:VO_Neuvillette About the Vision - I.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_the_Vision_-_I.ogg I was once advised to wear a counterfeit Vision, so that I might more easily intervene during moments of crisis. To be quite frank, I was not enamored by this suggestion, nor the implication that one must only exercise the power that is rightfully theirs under false pretenses. With that said, however, I have developed a newfound appreciation for the value of human yearning and determination having spent considerable time around Vision-bearing humans.
About the Vision: II Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningAbout the Vision: II Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningMedia:VO_Neuvillette About the Vision - II.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_the_Vision_-_II.ogg Excuse me? You're saying even some members of The Seven don a counterfeit Vision before mingling with their people? Ha... My apologies — I was just caught off guard by the absurdity of the situation.
Something to Share: LawsSomething to Share: LawsMedia:VO_Neuvillette Something to Share - Laws.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Something_to_Share_-_Laws.ogg Fontaine does have some rather intriguing laws on its books. For instance, "it is forbidden to release any flying objects during the first three days of each month," "during the dry season, all bivalves that wash ashore belong to the Hydro Archon, while other mollusks belong to the people," "no domestic pets shall be named after Furina," "tomato ketchup is to be consumed in restaurants only as a condiment, never on its own," and, finally, "Melusines are to be addressed using she/her pronouns, never the impersonal it/its"... That last one was my personal contribution.
Something to Share: Rainy DaysSomething to Share: Rainy DaysMedia:VO_Neuvillette Something to Share - Rainy Days.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Something_to_Share_-_Rainy_Days.ogg Some days, my mind wanders, and I fantasize about walking into the rain... *sigh* Ah, but don't worry, my flights of fancy don't distract me from my work.
Interesting Things: Vishaps Cataclysm's QuickeningInteresting Things: Vishaps Cataclysm's QuickeningMedia:VO_Neuvillette Interesting Things - Vishaps.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Interesting_Things_-_Vishaps.ogg The Vishaps' ancestry can be traced directly back to the Fontemer, which is why they are so adept at evolution. I am reminded of an old custom that the dragons once observed: We would take a sip of our perished young brethren's blood. Whenever the tides are disrupted by the motion of the moon and stars, the water within the bodies of us Hydro organisms surges up towards our heads, reminding us that our deceased kin will soon be revived.(Actual Voice-Over: The Vishaps' ancestry can be traced directly back to the Fontemer Sea, which is why they are so adept at evolution.[...])
Interesting Things: HumansInteresting Things: HumansMedia:VO_Neuvillette Interesting Things - Humans.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Interesting_Things_-_Humans.ogg From my observations, humans have a tendency to view themselves as being in opposition with nature. And whenever this point is raised, someone is always quick to respond by declaring that humans are in fact a part of nature, like any other organism. To someone like me, however, who knows an inkling of the truth, what would be most beneficial is if human civilization and the natural world of this planet could seek ways to co-exist with one another.
About the Geo Archon Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout the Geo Archon Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Neuvillette About the Geo Archon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_the_Geo_Archon.ogg Nothing will stop me from rendering judgment on each of The Seven. As the Archon who won the Authority of Geo, Deus Auri must be called to trial. If one does not wish to see us on opposite sides of a conflict, they need not worry, for I intend to stay in Fontaine for the foreseeable future, which could well mean another four hundred years. As another point of consolation, even when the trial eventually takes place, it is still not a given that the judgment will lead to a physical confrontation.
About the Anemo Archon Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout the Anemo Archon Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Neuvillette About the Anemo Archon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_the_Anemo_Archon.ogg I shall fulfill my vow to judge all of The Seven in turn, even if the sky should fall and the ground give way. As the recipient of the Authority of Anemo, the God of Breeze and Hope must also stand trial. ...Hmm? He spends most of his time being a harmless drunkard, you say? Well, even so, I must meet him for myself and proceed from there.(Actual Voice-Over: [...] ...Hmm? He spends most of his time being a harmless drunkard...? *sigh* Well, even so, I must meet him for myself and proceed from there.)
About the Electro Archon Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout the Electro Archon Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Neuvillette About the Electro Archon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_the_Electro_Archon.ogg As a survivor of the dragon race who has regained my full dragonhood, I must fulfill my oath and obligations even if it means returning all the water in the oceans back to the heavens. In taking the Authority of Electro, the Narukami placed herself on the list of the usurpers. Oh, so she has isolated herself in the Plane of Euthymia, and now rarely appears in public? Then I shall pay her a visit in another few centuries.(Actual Voice-Over: As a survivor of the dragon race who has regained my full dragonhood, I must fulfill my oaths and obligations, even if it means returning all the water in the oceans back to the heavens. In taking the Authority of Electro, the Narukami placed herself on the list of the usurpers. She will— ...Oh, you say she has isolated herself in the Plane of Euthymia, and now rarely appears in public? Then I shall pay her a visit in another few centuries.)
About the Dendro Archon Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout the Dendro Archon Friendship Lv. 6 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Neuvillette About the Dendro Archon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_the_Dendro_Archon.ogg Though the day will come when I put her on trial, I must commend the God of Verdure on her sense of responsibility. Few things are without flaws in this world, but the devotion and benevolence she displays are a testament to her commitment to continued progress. I felt enormous regret when I learned of the mistreatment she has endured over the past five hundred years.
About Wriothesley Friendship Lv. 4About Wriothesley Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Neuvillette About Wriothesley.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_Wriothesley.ogg Wriothesley is a trustworthy man. I fought hard for the title and reputation he now has. I expect you to think that I've simply been duped by his flattery and appearance of loyalty... But to that, I would quote the Inazuman proverb: "The words unspoken are the flower." Which means, some things are best left unsaid.
About Clorinde Friendship Lv. 4About Clorinde Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Neuvillette About Clorinde.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_Clorinde.ogg Clorinde's peerless skills have made her the most powerful Champion Duelist in our nation. As a successor to the Marechaussee Hunters of old, she plays a vital role in ensuring the fairness and impartiality of the courtroom. Also, she's actually not as stoic as she might appear.
About Lyney and Lynette Friendship Lv. 4About Lyney and Lynette Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Neuvillette About Lyney and Lynette.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_Lyney_and_Lynette.ogg Their performances are just fascinating, don't you think? They draw you into a magical world where, on one hand, everything that takes place is part of an elaborate deception — but on the other, all manner of miracles are possible if you are only willing to believe.
About Sigewinne Friendship Lv. 4About Sigewinne Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Neuvillette About Sigewinne.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_Sigewinne.ogg I don't know how Sigewinne is faring these days. But if I hear so much as the whiff of a rumor that she's being bullied, I shall summon Wriothesley here and demand an explanation. She's so kind and vulnerable... She brought me some Kamera film the last time she visited, and asked to listen to more of my commentary on the water of Natlan... How long is it until her next vacation?
About Furina Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Furina Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Neuvillette About Furina.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_Furina.ogg Now, the curtain has finally fallen on her "performance"... The character she portrayed was an imaginary one, yet in playing that role she fulfilled her duties... Though she is meek and full of doubt by nature, she was able to use madness to stiffen her resolve and see her duty through to its conclusion. The work that she has done over the centuries is truly immense. If she were to ever make a return to the stage, I should personally attend the performance and give her my heartfelt applause... Yes, I must do so when the opportunity arises.
About Navia Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonAbout Navia Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMedia:VO_Neuvillette About Navia.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_About_Navia.ogg I regret to say that after my various interactions with her — such as when I inadvertently angered her, and when I accepted her apology — and even now, in spite of the guilt I continue to feel over what happened to her father, I feel... very distant from her, as if I'm observing the starry sky from the bottom of a deep lake. It is by no means intentional, and I also know it is not something that I can easily make up for. Unlike water, emotion does not settle quickly once agitated, nor is it naturally inclined towards equilibrium.
More About Neuvillette: IMore About Neuvillette: IMedia:VO_Neuvillette More About Neuvillette - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_More_About_Neuvillette_-_01.ogg I usually do my best to avoid forming personal relationships, or even collaborating with others outside of established procedures. But you have shown yourself to be trustworthy, and you have no problematic entanglements with Fontaine's local factions. Therefore, I would be pleased to journey with you.
More About Neuvillette: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Neuvillette: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Neuvillette More About Neuvillette - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_More_About_Neuvillette_-_02.ogg This is something that I can only say in private — I could never publicly share my views on this matter: It positively baffles me that Fonta has managed to become such a popular drink. Though, I suppose its appeal to humans is not beyond comprehension. One can both rehydrate and replenish blood sugar in one gulp, and at an exceptionally cheap price.
More About Neuvillette: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Neuvillette: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Neuvillette More About Neuvillette - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_More_About_Neuvillette_-_03.ogg I went to see an opera recently. It was about a lady whose personal charm and manipulative schemes allowed her to continue to dominate the affairs of the grand mansion where she lived even after her death, like a ghost that refused to be exorcised. The acting was impeccable, and the story exceptional. It also reminded me of the current state of affairs in the real world.
More About Neuvillette: IV Friendship Lv. 5More About Neuvillette: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Neuvillette More About Neuvillette - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_More_About_Neuvillette_-_04.ogg For a number of reasons, I rarely leave Fontaine. As a result, though I enjoy tasting spring water from all over the world, I always have it delivered to me here, rather than collecting it myself. And yes, subtle as the flavor differences between samples of different regions may be, I am perfectly capable of distinguishing between them. Do you still doubt me? I am the Iudex. I do not lie.
More About Neuvillette: V Friendship Lv. 6More About Neuvillette: V Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Neuvillette More About Neuvillette - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_More_About_Neuvillette_-_05.ogg I have to say, my daily life is not without its inconveniences. For instance, I often find myself stepping on my robes as I sit down, or squashing my coiffure against the chair. And if I lean my head too far back, sometimes my hair even gets caught in the ornamentation. Nevertheless, I must wear these garments to maintain the dignity of a Chief Justice, and endure whatever inconveniences this entails. Incidentally, the world at large appears to operate on this general principle, too. Everyone is faced with an identity that they must accept, endure, understand, and eventually learn to co-exist with. This has been my experience all along.
Neuvillette's HobbiesNeuvillette's HobbiesMedia:VO_Neuvillette Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Hobbies.ogg Water tasting is a rather sophisticated discipline. Pyro-heated water has the standard "au naturel" flavor found ubiquitously in the natural world, while water boiled using charcoal has distinctly rustic notes. Similarly, while Cryo-chilled water is cold but otherwise unremarkable, the frozen rivers of Snezhnaya, when melted, produce a water with an entirely different flavor profile altogether.
Neuvillette's Troubles Friendship Lv. 4Neuvillette's Troubles Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Neuvillette Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Troubles.ogg People seem to respond to the sight of a man in the rain without an umbrella as if it were some sort of strange spectacle.
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Neuvillette Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Favorite_Food.ogg Animals can survive for weeks without food, but merely a few days without water. There is no dish that could ever compare to pure, unadulterated water. With that in mind, food items that contain plenty of liquid are the next best thing.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Neuvillette Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg How can people bring themselves to consume deep-fried foods? Or grilled food with no sauce? The worst culprits in my view are those Charcoal-Baked Ajilenakh Cakes. Surely, even eating a dehumidifying agent would be kinder on the stomach?
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Neuvillette Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg Delicious. An abundance of juices, and the ingredients have been cooked to perfection.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Neuvillette Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg A fine effort indeed. My only advice would be to increase the liquid content and reduce the amount of fat.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Neuvillette Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Too dry. A dish devoid of moisture has no way to convey the intentions of the chef.
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Neuvillette Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Birthday.ogg Ah, so it's your birthday. Happy birthday. I do not know if rain is in the forecast today, but let me see what I can do.
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Neuvillette Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg I'm a little more familiar with you now. I can match your movements.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Neuvillette Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg Apparently, I'll have to show a little more of my true capabilities. I did not realize that you had such a penchant for getting into dangerous situations.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Neuvillette Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg So this is what you're truly capable of? Then I shall have to get serious if I wish to catch up with you.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Neuvillette Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg Now that I have reclaimed one of the Seven Authorities from the hands of the usurpers, I have regained my true form. I am now a fully fledged dragon, powerful enough to judge the rest of the gods. My final destiny is to judge the Usurper-King in the heavens above. But until that time comes, I will lend my power to you.
Combat[]
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Neuvillette Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Silence!Media:VO Neuvillette Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Bow your head.Media:VO Neuvillette Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Settle down.Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Neuvillette Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg The tides beckon.Media:VO Neuvillette Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Be sanctified.Media:VO Neuvillette Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Let the mighty be humbled.Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Neuvillette Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndNeuvillette does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Neuvillette Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Neuvillette Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg Abandoned property belongs to whoever finds it first. So it's legally yours now.Media:VO Neuvillette Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg Is it what you wished to find? Hopefully, the excitement of opening a treasure chest has at least made it a worthwhile experience.Media:VO Neuvillette Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Let the record show that I verbally consent to relinquishing these items into your possession.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Neuvillette Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Low_HP_01.ogg Be not perturbed. I am unscathed.Media:VO Neuvillette Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Low_HP_02.ogg The risk is growing, but it poses no threat to me.Media:VO Neuvillette Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Low_HP_03.ogg Hmph... There's a tear in my robe.Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Neuvillette Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Allow me to intervene.Media:VO Neuvillette Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Take a moment to rest.FallenFallenMedia:VO Neuvillette Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Fallen_01.ogg When the tide comes in, I shall return...Media:VO Neuvillette Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Fallen_02.ogg I see the temperate waters of eons past...Media:VO Neuvillette Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Fallen_03.ogg A silence fills the air...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Neuvillette Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Neuvillette Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Justice is blindsided...Media:VO Neuvillette Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg An oversight on my part.Media:VO Neuvillette Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Neuvillette Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Joining_Party_01.ogg Thank you for permitting— No, inviting me to join you.Media:VO Neuvillette Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Joining_Party_02.ogg The pleasure is all mine.Media:VO Neuvillette Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Joining_Party_03.ogg Perhaps we could take a walk by a riverbank or somewhere similarly fluvial.Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Neuvillette does not feature any Character Idles Voice-Overs.Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Neuvillette Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Neuvillette Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Neuvillette Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Neuvillette Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Neuvillette Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Neuvillette Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Neuvillette Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Neuvillette_Jumping_05.ogg 
Navigation[]
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Neuvillette










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Neuvillette can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining him and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 Court of Justice's Fresh Mist
4.2 Strict Adherence to Office Codes


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets[]
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Neuvillette has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsStrict Adherence to Office Codes 20 2 20,000Court of Justice's Fresh Mist 20 1 20,000
Idle Quotes[]

 Water...
 Reports...
 Duty...
 Confusion...
 Life...
(When the player is nearby)
 Waiting...
 Ah, it's you...

Dialogue[]

Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo hello 01.ogg Neuvillette: Ah, it's you, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo hello 02.ogg Neuvillette: I've been waiting for the owner to show up. One cannot simply walk around without first obtaining permission.
 How do you like it here?
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Neuvillette: The scenery here is pleasant. It makes one feel happy.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Neuvillette: But I've been meaning to ask, does it never rain here?
 No, never.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg Neuvillette: I see.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg Neuvillette: Well, I suppose that makes sense... Worlds such as this are created as a sanctuary from wind and rain.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg Neuvillette: Pay it no heed... it's nothing.
 But we do have Inazuman hot springs here.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg Neuvillette: Oh, splendid.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg Neuvillette: I've long heard tell of the hot springs in Inazuma. Did not expect that I'd see them here.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg Neuvillette: Hm? You mean the water is just artificially heated?
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03b 4.ogg Neuvillette: That's quite understandable. Even long ago, I had heard that there are no natural hot springs in Inazuma either, and that their current facilities were imported and developed by their treasury department.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship1 03b 5.ogg Neuvillette: The experience is not much different from that of an authentic, natural hot spring.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Would you like to chat?
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Neuvillette: Of course, is there anything you would like to know?
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Neuvillette: For example, my experiences of taste-testing the renowned springs of the world?
 Uh, unfortunately... I don't really have a taste for spring water.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Neuvillette: Ah, then you are missing out on a great many good things in life...
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Neuvillette: Perhaps that can't be helped, some things come naturally to certain people, but not to others.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Neuvillette: Did you know that Vishaps lose the ability to distinguish colors over the course of their evolution?
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Neuvillette: After the window of opportunity closes, they won't ever be able to enjoy colorful paintings again.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Neuvillette: Oh, I just learn things like this out of personal interest.
 I feel like I've heard this somewhere before...
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Neuvillette: Two things I've learned from the story of Vishaps are:
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Neuvillette: First, we must respect the differences between all species as well as all individuals within a species.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Neuvillette: And second, we mustn't squander the best years of our lives.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg Neuvillette: How about you? Can you think of anything you should do when you are young, and not wait until you are too old and begin to regret it?
 To love others and be loved in return?
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 12a 1.ogg Neuvillette: Ah, an excellent answer. It exceeds my expectations.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 12a 2.ogg Neuvillette: If only people could actually do that, it would be wonderful... Failure to do so only floods the world with sorrow.
 To travel all around the world?
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 12b 1.ogg Neuvillette: Hmm, a good answer.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship2 12b 2.ogg Neuvillette: But I think it's never too late to do that. I'm also planning to travel the world in the future, you know.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Neuvillette: If you mean what I'd like to do right now, I think I would enjoy taking a nice walk.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Neuvillette: But, if you're asking about the long-term, then I'd want all life to be able to live on in the original forms that are rightfully theirs.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Neuvillette: It's merely that... as of now, even existence in such a natural state must be fought for most fiercely.
 Sounds kinda intense.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Neuvillette: You're right. I'm saying that more for myself to hear than anything else.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Neuvillette: If you too find yourself subject to grave injustice, yet bound by rules that are twisted and warped...
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Neuvillette: You must be willing to step up and right those wrongs.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Neuvillette: If you cannot break free from the eggshell, the world is naught but a prison where you are blinded and confined.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Neuvillette: Don't be afraid of bleak desolation and poverty outside the prison, and don't fret about your stable rations being cut off once the prison is destroyed.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Neuvillette: Outside that world... I'll always be waiting for you.
 Okay, I'll remember that.
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Good morning, Iudex.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo morning 01.ogg Neuvillette: Hello. You may forgo the formalities.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo morning 02.ogg Neuvillette: The weather here seems to always be... pleasant.
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Neuvillette.
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo night 01.ogg Neuvillette: Good night, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo neuvillette mimitomo night 02.ogg Neuvillette: Forget your troubles and enjoy a good night's rest.

Special Dialogue[]
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

Court of Justice's Fresh Mist[]

Media:vo mimitomo fd neuvillette lucine 01.ogg Neuvillette: This bears a striking resemblance to the Fountain of Lucine. Sadly, the water here comes from a different source, so there is, of course, no way to replicate the taste.
Media:vo mimitomo fd neuvillette lucine 02.ogg Neuvillette: Nevertheless, prior experience tells me that to most people, the visual similarity alone would be enough to prompt them to say a phrase such as: "This area has a very Fountain of Lucine flavor."
Media:vo mimitomo fd neuvillette lucine 03.ogg Neuvillette: ...My cup is empty. May I avail myself of your fountain?

Strict Adherence to Office Codes[]

Media:vo mimitomo fd neuvillette office 01.ogg Neuvillette: The office desk is, in my estimation, one of humanity's most eminently practical inventions.
Media:vo mimitomo fd neuvillette office 02.ogg Neuvillette: When receiving strangers, the presence of a physical boundary always proves more effective than a verbal reminder at encouraging disagreeable persons to act with relative decorum.
Media:vo mimitomo fd neuvillette office 03.ogg Neuvillette: And so, to me, the office desk is an item of great importance.

Change History[]
Released in Version 4.1[Edit History]Version 4.3
The following Furnishing Sets were assigned as favorite for this character:
Court of Justice's Fresh Mist
Strict Adherence to Office Codes

Version 4.1

Neuvillette/Companion was released.
Navigation[]
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






