She has appeared in the official Manga and serves as one of its main characters. Originally an Eleazar-afflicted victim of Fatui human experimentation, Collei wandered the world as a vagrant until she met Amber in Mondstadt. Since then, Collei has turned her life around, and currently serves as a trainee Forest Ranger in the Avidya Forest.





A New Leaf





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Collei


De­scrip­tion
Collei's outfit. Now that she no longer needs to remain bundled in a thick cloak, she is free to emerge like a newly-sprouted leaf and welcome every lovely sunrise.


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


A New Leaf is Collei's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance
2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
Collei's hair is styled by a large hairpin resembling a flower with a black ribbon. She wears an earring with a large gem on her left ear.
Her outfit consists of a green shawl with gold tassels worn over a brown dress that exposes her upper back, has detached sleeves, and includes a small black ribbon on the back and several gold trinkets. She also wears a pair of dark gloves that cover only her palms and leave her fingers exposed. Around her waist is a belt; her Dendro Vision, which has two long orange ribbons attached, hangs from the belt on her left side. She also sports long golden brown open-toe stockings, a golden ornament on her left thigh, black heeled boots with a fur trim that leave her toes exposed, and a long yellow scarf with gold details.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Collei 1.mp4      Media:Idle Collei 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Collei.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Collei.mp4      Media:Party Setup Collei.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishA New Leaf—Chinese(Simplified)一叶新生Yī Yè XīnshēngA Leaf RebornChinese(Traditional)一葉新生Yī Yè XīnshēngJapaneseニューリーフNyuu RiifuNew LeafKorean돋아난 신엽Dodanan SinyeopSprouting New LeafSpanishNueva germinaciónNew GerminationFrenchUne nouvelle feuilleA New LeafRussianЛисток новой жизниListok novoy zhizniLeaf of New LifeThaiแรกแย้มผลิใบRaek Yaem Phli BaiFirst Sprouting LeafVietnameseLá MớiNew LeafGermanEin Blatt neues LebenA Leaf of New LifeIndonesianA New Leaf—PortugueseFolha NovaNew LeafTurkishYeni Bir YaprakA New LeafItalianNuova linfaNew Sap
Change History[]
Released in Version 3.0[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
A Trainee Forest Ranger who is under the tutelage of Tighnari. She started her academic career a little later than her peers, so she is currently working hard to catch up.She hides the other side of her personality deep under the surface of optimism and kindness.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 History
2 Personality
3 Appearance

3.1 Manga


4 Official Introduction
5 Character Stories

5.1 Character Details
5.2 Character Story 1
5.3 Character Story 2
5.4 Character Story 3
5.5 Character Story 4
5.6 Character Story 5
5.7 Cuilein-Anbar
5.8 Vision


6 Namecard
7 Constellation
8 Quests and Events

8.1 Archon Quests
8.2 Story Quests

8.2.1 Hangout Events


8.3 Events
8.4 Web Events
8.5 Hidden Exploration Objectives


9 Character Trials

9.1 Quests
9.2 Events
9.3 Test Run Events


10 Character Mentions

10.1 Character Stories
10.2 Character Voice-Overs
10.3 Mails


11 Other Appearances

11.1 Manga


12 Mail
13 Trivia

13.1 Etymology


14 Notes
15 Other Languages

15.1 Character Title: Sprout of Rebirth


16 References
17 Navigation


History
Collei was born sickly, so her worried parents brought her to a seer and begged him to save her. He explained the illness as being "touched by the deev" — supernatural creatures with negative properties — and claimed that had to give their daughter to him in order to save her. However, he was working with the Fatui Harbinger Il Dottore and instead of saving her, turned Collei into a test subject for their Archon Residue experiments.
Whether the Fatui had let Collei go or if she had escaped herself is unknown, but she eventually found herself wandering alone. On account of her sickliness, she was treated poorly wherever she went; she was often abused by passing pedestrians, had stones thrown at, and pushed around. This fueled her hatred for people and gods, and a strong desire for vengeance.
The disease Collei is afflicted with is called Eleazar. Unique to Sumeru, this is a disorder that causes dark and hardened scales to form on the body. First symptoms are mild numbness on the affected areas of the skin, but as the disease progresses symptoms of general fatigue and peripheral paresthesia (abnormal sensation of the skin on the limbs) may occur. The final stage of this disease causes complete paralysis of the afflicted person, rendering them completely immobile. These symptoms hint that Eleazar might be a neurological disease. This condition is what causes Collei to be perceived as "clumsy" by other people, as it affects her ability to hold or carry objects, often dropping them to the ground. According to Tighnari, there is no cure for Eleazar, only preventive care may be provided to stop the disease from advancing to a more serious stage. In the days Collei spent with the Fatui, Dottore was able to keep the disease controlled by unknown methods.
Upon the removal of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata's consciousness from Irminsul, Collei and the other Eleazar patients have recovered.

Personality
A trainee ranger active in Avidya Forest. Behind her enthusiastic words and actions hides a slightly introverted personality.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
When Collei first arrives in Mondstadt, she is extremely wary and suspicious of people because of her past experiences, preferring to be left alone and making her seem cold. Her pessimistic view of the world comes from the mistreatment and abuse she endured everywhere. She also has a rather low opinion of herself, pushing people away because she is "unclean" and says she is unworthy of their time.
She was initially annoyed by Amber because of her cheerful and optimistic personality, but Amber shows her kindness by offering to help her find that something she lost, even insisting they are friends and protecting her from Kaeya's intimidation multiple times. The two continue to grow closer during the course of the manga and Collei begins to trust Amber, becoming less wary of people as her view of the world becomes brighter.
When Amber protected Collei from Barnabas, Collei was touched by Amber's resolve and realizes that she too wishes to be able to protect others.[2] After having her powers sealed by Cyno, she decides to leave with him to Sumeru in hopes of learning more about the world.
By the time she meets the Traveler, Collei is shown to have matured whilst training under Tighnari and is now considerably more positive. She expresses great admiration for Amber, whose compassion deeply moved Collei to the degree that it influenced her behavior and hobbies. Inspired by Amber's benevolence, Collei tries to be very helpful and proactive in her Forest Ranger duties and strives to be as friendly as possible to everyone. Although she still has struggles with her literacy and Eleazar, she attempts to discard her past pessimism in favor of pushing forward and doing the best she can regardless.
She also developed a deep sense of empathy, extending even to the gods, whom she used to deem forsaken by, she now wonders if they too can feel just as helpless. She states that looking back, her extended hatred towards the world outside the Fatui was "childish." She also expresses guilt over her time in Mondstadt and is interested in apologizing.[3]
Despite her improved outlook, it is clear that Collei has yet to fully put her trauma behind her. Whilst no longer being bitter about it, Collei still finds it very difficult to open up to others about her past and avoids the subject when possible, as it brings back painful memories. Her introverted nature also leads her to occasionally spend time alone in a tree hollow, where she writes about any troubles or frustrations she may feel.[4]
Collei is somewhat of a bad liar, only being able to convince Amber on why she wanted to know about the Fatui's research. She is also prone to panic attacks and breakdowns, and especially hates being pushed or shoved around. Even just trying to touch her might cause extreme fear and discomfort, as shown when Paimon tried to playfully touch her the day they met for the first time in Sumeru. This shock apparently triggered a flare-up of her disease, causing her to be bedridden the next day.

Appearance
See also: A New Leaf
Collei uses the medium female model. She has short, wavy light green hair that reaches her shoulders and purple, almost magenta eyes.

Manga
Collei's hair in the manga was chin-length.
When she first appeared, much of her body and face were covered in bandages. She wore baggy trousers, one that resembles a sirwal, and a tapper hat made from bandages. Tied around her hips is a green-orange cloth. Later, Amber loaned one of her old outfits to Collei to attend Ludi Harpastum in. Collei also wore a beige satchel, in which she store the collected Fatui devices.
In Chapter 16, she appeared with a plain black shirt and a simple pair of shorts under a hooded cloak. She also wore an ushanka hat, a pair of gloves, and boots that reach up to below her knees. Lastly, she uses the same green-orange cloth and beige satchel from earlier.

Official Introduction
To grow is to conquer the past
Oh, you're going to Sumeru? Can you give my regards to Collei? Well... it's been so long, I wonder if her hair has grown out and if she's taller?—Amber
A trainee ranger active in Avidya Forest. Positive and optimistic, enthusiastic and kind.
Collei is from Sumeru, but few people know about her experiences before she came to Gandharva Ville, and she herself never mentions anything about her past.
Perhaps because of Collei's pure gaze and earnest attitude, people saw her reserved demeanor as just part of her personality and did not shy away from her because of it.
The children of Gandharva Ville love to watch her sew dolls, and those who find themselves lost in Avidya Forest are willing to follow her back to safety.
Since her return to Sumeru, Collei has earned the trust and respect of the people with her actions.
But at night, when everything is dark, she sometimes thinks about those memories that she has buried away.
Even though everything is going well, she still hopes that she can work even harder and improve faster in the future.
—Only in this way can she overcome her past weak self as quickly as possible.

Character Stories
Character Details
"Helpful," "bright and sunny," "friendly and passionate"... Just ask around Gandharva Ville, and you'll hear this Trainee Forest Ranger praised to the skies in such terms.As long as her body allows, no matter how busy school gets, Collei will never slack off when it comes to her forest patrol work, and is always willing to lend a warm helping hand to whoever is in trouble, regardless of what walk of life they are from.Nevertheless, even as enthusiastic and positive as she is, there seems to be a past and things on her mind that she is not yet ready to reveal to others.If in the woods where she often patrols, you should chance upon a tree hollow full of strange notes, or hear someone whispering nearby...No matter what you witnessed or overheard, please kindly take a detour and consider it a silly prank — one played by an Aranara, perhaps.After all, there are some things that only a tree hollow can know — for now, anyway.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
If words are the vehicles of wisdom, being literate is undoubtedly the starting point of the pursuit of knowledge. Collei, however, seems to have only barely reached the foot of the mountain of knowledge.When she first arrived in Gandharva Ville, even the outspoken Tighnari showed obvious hesitation, making repeated inquiries with the General Mahamatra if she had walked through the wrong door, since he had yet to make any plans to teach preschool level courses.Still, after several twists and turns, Collei did finally become a trainee. To facilitate her learning of words, Tighnari gathered a wide assortment of books and documents, in the hope that Collei would soon master enough words through extensive reading.Apart from the literacy encyclopedias for children and the mandatory-reading academic papers that made her head swell, Collei can most often be found reading fairy tale picture books from Mondstadt.The logic is simple: those books tend to have fewer words and more pictures. Even if you do not know the words, chances are that you can still guess their meaning by looking at the illustrations.However, reading only children's books hardly sufficed to keep up with her curriculum. Once she had picked up slightly more words, she immediately started to look for new extracurricular reading materials.According to some travelers who had passed through Avidya Forest, there was a type of book in Inazuma known as the "light novel," which was easier to read than academic papers, and with fewer illustrations than picture books. To Collei, that sounded like the exact type of book she needed.More importantly, the plots of these "light novels" were often so incredibly riveting that as soon as they got a copy, many readers just had to finish reading it in one go, even if they had to stay up all night.That definitely sounded tempting to Collei, since she had to force herself, more often than not, to stay awake long enough to finish her readings.One day after her forest patrol, Collei excitedly ran back to her dormitory with the newest volume of "Onibudou." She was so ready to pull an all-nighter reading the light novel — and as it turned out, she indeed stayed awake that night."My sealed power!" "The lonesome avenger!" "You'd be wise to stay away from me!" "I shall never witness the grace of the gods!"...—Covering her head with the quilt, Collei tossed and turned upon her mattress the entire night. Even as the dawn broke, she had not yet torn her mind away from these words.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
There is a saying in Teyvat that has obscure origins and is often used by people who are feeling extremely ashamed or embarrassed:"I just wanted the tree to open up and swallow me."Collei was pacing in the woods while murmuring the sentence, which she had just learned from a book.Before she returned to Sumeru, she had promised a dear friend that she would become an excellent doctor with exceptional medical skills so as to save people like her who were in constant agony, both physically and mentally.However, it takes only a passing passion to make a wish, and yet it requires years of painstaking training to realize it. In the examination that had just concluded, Collei had hit the barrier between reality and expectations once more."Ugh... How am I supposed to tell Amber about this..."Plus, she would have to ask her master to write the letter for her. Things like doing poorly on the test and wanting to have someone to talk to were not things she could easily speak out in front of her master, either.It just so happened that a tree hollow, roughly the size of a person, appeared along her patrol route, as if some god had overheard her mumblings."Wait, wait... Talking to Aranara about my problems... I mean, I've read about it in the books, but they were children's books! I'm sure I've outgrown that... But now that there's no one around..."Before she knew it, she was already crouching in said hollow.The darkness turned into a solid fortress, isolating Collei from all kinds of pressure.Collei, being an introvert by nature, found it difficult to present herself impeccably. No matter how hard she strove to be as outgoing and sunny as Amber, she could never manage to ignore her weariness and loneliness.Thus did Collei vent her distress to that hollow, emptying herself of all the negativity she had accumulated after getting back to Sumeru."Did Collei go on patrol in that area again?"A few days later, Tighnari checked on Collei's recent forest patrol routes, which she had been taking all too frequently, before looking at her test papers, which featured remarkably higher scores. He could not help but think to himself:"Did she find a way to improve her grades in the forest? Well, that's not bad either way. Alright, I'll save that patrol route for her and leave her be for the time being. I'll have other Rangers take the other routes."Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
Should written tests be left out, Collei actually does well on her exams, especially when it comes to "surviving in the wilderness."The jungles of Sumeru suffer no shortage of poisonous creatures and dangerous beasts, while unexpected emergencies lurk around every corner. Therefore, a competent Forest Ranger must be a thoroughly-prepared one.And Collei really exceeds in this regard. She may not be as literate as her peers, which hinders her performance in all the written tests. Yet, she is nothing if not practical and creative.Wrapping thorny vines around her boots to increase traction, rubbing the toxic sap of poisonous mushrooms onto hunting traps to promote efficiency...Such ideas have ensured that she can travel in and out of the jungle safely, successfully extracting those unfortunate enough to become lost in the woods, accidentally ingest poison, or get hit by a running beast.Those who have been rescued by Collei are, one and all, amazed by her unique but reliable survival skills — not to mention how they are all moved by her genuine kindness and enthusiasm.Be it surrounded by grave dangers, or lacking food and supplies, even if the rescued traveler turns hysterical, she embraces every circumstance with the warmth of the sun.She cares little for scars, and hunger concerns her not. She just wants to offer help to whoever is in need.The only thing about her that is considered unacceptable by many is the recipes she utilizes during times of crisis: as long as they can replenish her energy, she will even gladly swallow fireflies without hesitation — the crushed pits of Zaytun Peaches are even less of an obstacle.When people meet her, they simply cannot help but wonder about this young trainee's past.—What sort of experiences could make such a seemingly innocent girl see the wilderness as her home?Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
Before returning to Sumeru, Collei had wandered for a long time.The decisive difference between wandering and traveling, of course, lies in that the former bears no designated destination.Her wandering started from those charred ruins, or perhaps earlier, when she was afflicted with that disease, and it was long destined to be a never-ending nightmare extending into nothing but total darkness.Most of the companions with whom she had fled from the ruins either lost their way in the endless waves of sandstorms, or corroded to death by divine remains.Sick and cursed, they had nowhere to stay, thus turning to uninhabited jungles and wildernesses.Mother Nature is both merciful and cruel. She would never reject them because of their illness, nor would she offer whatever they need even if they cried out for it.As more and more of her companions could walk no further, the lessons they left behind helped the rest become better at surviving in the most desperate situations.And when Collei's last companion could no longer continue, she learned yet another lesson: never to reach out to anyone again.At that time, the two of them had their backs against the cliff, utterly exhausted. Yet, they could still hear the beast roaring from not too far off.Perhaps it was because of the narrow passage, if not for other reasons, but her only remaining companion bumped into her, sending her careening off the cliff.Fortunately, Collei managed to grab a tiny twig in her panic, before stretching out her other hand and shouting for help.However, that companion merely glanced at her with a complicated look before escaping alone without hesitation.She did not get far, the beast's howls outpacing her fleeing steps like a raging wind. The beast's pure predatory instinct caused it to overlook the shivering Collei, who was barely hanging onto the cliff.Collei quietly withdrew her hand and held on tightly to the branch that might break at any moment, until all the sounds above her head died down.The roar of the beast and the screams of that companion had all disappeared.She could not hate that companion. If she were in that person's shoes, she could not guarantee that she would have made a different choice.At that moment, there was only one thought remaining in Collei's mind.Be it to offer help or to ask for it—"I will never reach out to anyone again."Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6
Collei once again touched someone's hand during a certain year's Ludi Harpastum in Mondstadt.The city was elaborately decorated with lights and lanterns. The streets were jam-packed with people. The sky was getting darker, and the stage was in full swing.A girl in flaming red just grabbed her hand, took her out of that cramped wooden box, and squeezed into the crowd.People gathered around, cheering and applauding the contestants who were playing hoops or with slingshots.Collei could not relate to them. No matter how well they could play these most childish games, what use were they in hunting game out in the wild?Yet, the girl with her was extremely passionate about these little games. She would cheer and whoop at every victory, and hand out the prizes she won to the children.Collei was even more baffled. If not for the rewards, why would anyone participate in these activities? Was there really any fun in them?So she sneaked to a corner and picked up a slingshot to try her hand at it — in the end, one of the more than ten shots she fired eventually hit the edge of the target."Yay! I hit it!" Collei turned her head excitedly. "Hey! Did you see..."It was only then that she realized that she had been there for quite a long time and the girl in red had already left.In the days that followed, Collei had been practicing day in and day out. Gradually, she became more than familiar with the sounds of drawing a bowstring and throwing darts. She practiced for a long time, until she would seldom miss a shot out of ten.Every time she pulled the bowstring back, Collei remembered the excitement of hitting the target for the first time on that night.And that when the girl grabbed her hand and ran towards the crowd, her palm was as warm as the sun.Cuilein-Anbar Friendship Lv. 4
To grow up is to best one's immature past self.Collei often helps the children in Gandharva Ville mend toys, and her Forest Rangers colleagues also occasionally ask her to help patch their clothes when they get torn up by branches.That said, Collei was by no means born a seamstress. As a matter of fact, her first attempt at sewing was nothing short of a disaster.It was when Collei was about to leave Mondstadt. Right before she left, she handed a piece of repaired old clothes to Lisa, hoping that she could return it to its original owner, Amber, on her behalf.The piece was indeed repaired, but also covered in stitches so twisted that one could potentially mistake them for earthworms. In all likelihood, it was no longer possible for its owner to ever wear it out again.She was afraid that Lisa would laugh at her or criticize her.To her surprise, Lisa just gently took Collei's hands, hidden as they had been behind her back, and carefully bandaged the injuries.She was not even slightly surprised by all the injuries, deep or shallow, on Collei's fingertips. She just casually commented, "Why, it almost looks as if someone's been bouncing Wolfhooks across their hands all night, as if they were balls.""Don't be this impatient with your studies in Sumeru, little Collei," Lisa said with a smile. "There's always a first time for everything, and learning to overcome the difficulties you encountered during that first time is where the meaning of growing up lies."Collei instantly blushed. She had not quite learned how to accept the kindness of others back then.But she was just a child, and children grow up.The desperate child would grow up and discover hope once again. A child who could not use a slingshot at all gradually learned how to aim.That child who was once constantly injured by a needle has also slowly grown up to be an ingenious role model in the eyes of other children.In Gandharva Ville, children gather around Collei, chittering with envy and excitement."You're so skillful! What a pretty cat!" "Collei, does it have a name?"Collei, for once, felt so proud of herself. She held up the exquisite cat doll, all fine stitches and perfect needlework."This is — Cuilein-Anbar!"Vision Friendship Lv. 6
The rain was pouring. A surge of rock, earth, and debris had blocked Collei's way back.Collei lit a bonfire by the cliff, trying to warm the shivering girl next to her.This river valley would require a full day's journey from the woodlands that were the domain of her usual patrols. If she were here all by herself, it would not be entirely impossible to get back in this rain.But now that she had a child with her, wracked by cold and hunger after being lost in the woods for a long time, she had to wait.The girl looked pale, her forehead boiled, and she kept murmuring her mother's name.Collei still remembered the girl's mother, who had been anxiously and desperately seeking help in Gandharva Ville — she recalled the look on her face, the look of one who wished that she was in suffering instead of her daughter. Collei knew that look.The family had been traveling with a caravan to cross the river valley. As they were camping and resting, her playful daughter had run off, straying into the deep forest. As soon as the caravan noticed that the child was missing, they tried their best searching for her, but it was all in vain.In desperation, the mother had to return to Gandharva Ville to look for help.Recently, Tighnari had been attending meetings in the city with other Forest Rangers, and the situation before her was critical — Collei could not wait for any of them to return. Nor could she rely on the search and rescue dogs during such heavy rain.So she immediately grabbed her pack, bow, and arrows, before diving into the forest alone.At that moment, the occasional low growl against the sound of thunder and rain told her that there were beasts approaching.Collei could not help but recall some disturbing experiences from her past. Old memories came flooding back, the memories she least wanted to face.But the rain would pass, and after receiving the news, Tighnari rushed over without taking any breaks.Traces of fighting could be found all the way along the cliff. Several beasts lay fallen in the distance, while Collei and the girl slept peacefully on each other's shoulders.Tighnari's heart seized up in his chest. He was well aware that Collei was not capable of doing all this — unless she had wielded power that should not be unleashed.It was like drinking poison to quench thirst, and it would surely aggravate Collei's condition. He must contact the General Mahamatra right away...Tighnari's footsteps awakened Collei. She hurriedly gestured to ask her master to quiet down so as not to wake the girl next to her.Tighnari checked upon her worriedly, "Collei... Did you..."Collei shook her head. She raised a hand and released the fist that had been clenched all night."Master, I've become stronger! I won't let anyone's efforts go to waste — from now on, I'll protect everyone."It was a Vision, silently glowing in her hand.
Namecard


Collei: Good Virtue




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with ColleiDescription:"I—It's Cuilein-Anbar! I, uh..."

Constellation
Leptailurus CervariusMeaning:Serval 
Quests and Events
Archon QuestsChapter IIIAct I: Through Mists of Smoke and Forests DarkA Forest of ChangeFurther ObservationSilent Seeker of KnowledgeAct III: Dreams, Emptiness, DeceptionThe Gaze From a Certain GodAct V: Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesWhere the Boat of Consciousness Lies (cutscene)A Toast to VictoryStory QuestsLupus Aureus Chapter (Cyno)Act II: OathkeeperThe Mysterious LetterAfter ReposeThe Dead Past is the Living PresentVulpes Zerda Chapter (Tighnari)Act I: The Unanswerable ProblemsThe Start of ContaminationHangout EventsFaruzanAct I: A Confounding ConundrumA Mysterious Senior...?Essential ClassicWanderings of a Lonesome ShadowEventsGraven InnocenceThe Unappreciated CarvingSelling Like Hot CarvingsWindblume's BreathWindblume FestivalPart I: A Gathering of OutlandersPart II: A Riddle Amidst the CrowdsPart III: Joy Above the CloudsA Parade of ProvidenceAct I: Comings and GoingsOpening FestivitiesAct III: Gatherings and PartingsThe Arc of IntellectDuel! The Summoners' Summit!Secret Summer ParadisePart I: An Invitation From Afar!A Mysterious Missive on Paper WingsGlaze Domain, Multum in ParvoPart II: Mirage Paradise in Crisis!Fairground Gathering, Summer Lights IlluminatedPart III: Dreams and First Encounters!Treehouse Theater: Candlelit Shadows DancingBack to Normal: The Story Hidden in the BottleWeb EventsGo Go, Forest Rangers!Canvas of Starlight MemoriesDiscover TeyvatHidden Exploration ObjectivesFor a Rose's Wellbeing
Character Trials
QuestsEvent Story Quest A Riddle Amidst the Crowds in Windblume's Breath: Windblume Festival: Part IIEvent Story Quest Fairground Gathering, Summer Lights Illuminated in Secret Summer Paradise: Part II - Mirage Paradise in Crisis!EventsFayz TrialsTablet AnalyticsHyakunin Ikki 2022-10-10Misty Dungeon: Realm of SandFayz Trials: HypothesisMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterTriumphant FrenzyTest Run EventsTighnari, Zhongli, Collei, Diona, Fischl — 2022-08-24Ganyu, Sangonomiya Kokomi, Dori, Sucrose, Xingqiu — 2022-09-09Cyno, Venti, Candace, Kuki Shinobu, Sayu — 2022-09-28Nilou, Albedo, Beidou — 2022-10-14Dehya, Cyno, Bennett — 2023-03-01Nahida, Nilou, Kuki Shinobu, Dori, Layla — 2023-04-12Baizhu, Ganyu, Kaveh, Candace, Fischl — 2023-05-02Yoimiya, Yae Miko, Kirara, Yun Jin, Chongyun — 2023-05-24Wriothesley, Venti, Chongyun, Thoma, Dori — 2023-10-17Cyno, Kamisato Ayato, Kirara, Kuki Shinobu — 2023-11-28Xiao, Yae Miko, Yaoyao, Xinyan, Ningguang — 2024-02-20Chiori, Arataki Itto, Gorou, Yun Jin, Dori — 2024-03-13Clorinde, Alhaitham, Sethos, Bennett, Thoma — 2024-06-05
Character Mentions
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesFaruzanCharacter Story 3SethosCharacter Story 2Character Story 5TighnariCharacter Story 3Character Story 4Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversAmberAbout Collei Media:VO_Amber About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Amber About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Amber About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Amber About Collei.ogg Collei wrote to me saying that her Eleazar has been completely cured... I'm so happy for her! I wish I could fly to her side right now and give her the biggest hug! She also said she misses everyone in Mondstadt, and that once she's ready, she'll come visit us in person and tell us all about her progress... Oh, it would be great if she could make it in time for the next Ludi Harpastum. Aaah I can't wait to see her again!CynoAbout Collei Media:VO_Cyno About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Cyno About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Cyno About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Cyno About Collei.ogg I once helped Collei seal away the god's remains in her body, but the process was an unthinkably painful one. To many, enduring that kind of pain would be a prospect more terrifying than death, so it was very admirable that she was able to persevere through it all.About Kaveh Media:VO_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Tighnari and Collei never said it to my face, but they found Kaveh's personal anecdotes far more entertaining than the jokes I had prepared... I could see it on their faces. Hmm? What did I think about that? Well, I thought it was funny that they could laugh at such a situation.FaruzanAbout Collei Media:VO_Faruzan About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Faruzan About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Faruzan About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Faruzan About Collei.ogg Ah, Collei... She's respectful toward her elders, diligent, and has a hard-working attitude — truly the perfect student! Children like her deserve all the affection and praise. Tighnari really has no reason to be as strict as he has been. Hmph... I need to find a way to win her over... Ahem! What I meant to say was, as a senior scholar, I should find ways to improve the learning environment of younger students.KaeyaAbout Collei Media:VO_Kaeya About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kaeya About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Kaeya About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Kaeya About Collei.ogg Oh, Collei? Oho, now there's a name I haven't heard in a while... You came to the right person! Let me tell you her whole story, starting right from the very beginning, with all the delicious details!KavehAbout Collei Media:VO_Kaveh About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kaveh About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Kaveh About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Kaveh About Collei.ogg I've met Collei quite a few times now. As Tighnari's student and assistant, she follows him everywhere. With her diligence and patience, she's much more responsible than most other kids her age. But, umm... I can also tell that she's got a lot going on inside.LisaAbout Collei Media:VO_Lisa About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lisa About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Lisa About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Lisa About Collei.ogg Ah, dear little Collei. Every time she writes to me, she tries out new words and expressions she's learned recently... Hehe, no wonder she's improving so quickly. That wonderful and warmhearted master of hers must have helped a lot too.NahidaAbout Collei Media:VO_Nahida About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nahida About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Nahida About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Nahida About Collei.ogg When I heard her story for the first time, her tenacity shone through like a dazzling gemstone. She's been through so much... I hope that just as the rainforest supports all kinds of life, Sumeru will always provide a safe and nurturing environment for her, so that she can grow up healthy and strong.NilouAbout Collei Media:VO_Nilou About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nilou About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Nilou About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Nilou About Collei.ogg She sometimes comes to watch my performances. She's a really hard-working Trainee Forest Ranger. One time, she warned me about getting lost. What did she mean by that? It's not like I've gotten lost before...TighnariAbout Collei Media:VO_Tighnari About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Collei.ogg When that child was first brought here, she was effectively illiterate. It wasn't a huge issue, though. She's a hard worker and a diligent student, so she's made good progress. Still, her goal is to learn advanced medical techniques, so she still has a long way to go. She sometimes puts too much pressure on herself... Help her out when you can, would you? Consider it a favor for me as her mentor. Thanks a lot.About Cyno: General Mahamatra Media:VO_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg You want to see Cyno...? Well, firstly, a word of caution: if he ever comes chasing you down for work-related reasons, prepare for the nightmare of a lifetime. Other than that, General Mahamatra is a high-ranking position, so it usually isn't easy to find him. But he does occasionally go to Gandharva Ville to see Collei. As much as he might want to stay unnoticed, he can't fool my ears.About Faruzan Media:VO_Tighnari About Faruzan.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Faruzan.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Faruzan.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Faruzan.ogg Madam Faruzan possesses an extensive wealth of knowledge. I often invite her to inspect the mechanisms in the rainforest. The next time she's in Gandharva Ville... *sigh* I hope she doesn't sneak Collei more food. Nutrition is like medicine: moderation is key.About Sethos Media:VO_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Sethos? Pretty interesting guy. He's like a distant cousin of Cyno's. Really easy to get along with. Last time he visited us in Gandharva Ville, he insisted on showing off his tent-pitching skills and had a fishing competition with Cyno. Collei got really upset, because she thought there was nothing for her to do anymore...People say Sethos is good at keeping himself amused — he certainly seems pretty cheerful. But he takes his work very seriously. Hmm, although I don't know how accurate "work" is — I think he sees his role at the Temple of Silence as more of a kind of duty. Anyway, if you ever find yourself needing assistance in the desert, I'm sure he'd be a good person to go to.MailsSenderMailsCynoYet Another Gathering... (Birthday Mail)
Other Appearances
Manga
Collei is a major character in the manga, which takes place roughly a year or less before the Traveler's arrival in Mondstadt.
In search of both a cure for her illness and means of revenge, Collei travels to Mondstadt. Unable to gain entry normally, she initiates the Black Fire Incident as a distraction to slip in to Mondstadt.
Amber finds Collei and befriends her despite Collei's warnings. Amber does her best to help Collei with her search while also investigating the Black Fire Incident, during which Amber discovers the metal birds planted by the Fatui and disables them with Collei before they can cause any harm. Amber also takes Collei to Ludi Harpastum festivities and shows Collei that people lead happy lives in Mondstadt.
Kaeya discovers that Collei is the culprit behind the Black Fire Incident and sets out to kill Collei but is stopped by Collei's acceptance of her death as well as the timely arrival of Amber.
Amber resolves to help Collei even after learning that Collei is the culprit behind the Black Fire Incident. Amber stands guard while Cyno seals away Collei's archon residue.[Note 1] Afterward, Amber faces Barnabas alone to protect Collei and eventually brings him down with the help of Diluc, who is also posing as the perpetrator of the Black Fire Incident. Kaeya "arrests" Diluc and hands him over to the Fatui to close the case, absolving Collei of the Black Fire Incident.
Afterward, Collei writes a letter to Amber with Lisa's help, thanking Amber and saying she left for Sumeru with Cyno.

Collei's serpent of black fireCollei and Amber'sfirst meetingCyno seals away Collei'sArchon residueCollei after Cyno's ritualAmber and Collei face a transformed BarnabasCollei and Cyno depart from Mondstadt
Mail
Aw, What to do... (2023-05-08)Storybook... (2024-05-08)
Trivia
Collei ate Fried Radish Balls offered by Amber during Ludi Harpastum in Chapter 9 of the manga, Ludi Harpastum. She ended up liking them a lot, as seen in her "Favorite Food" voice-over.
Barnabas tells Collei's parents that she's been touched by the deev. A deev (دیو dêv), meaning "satanic giant" in Persian, is a particular sort of supernatural entity with disagreeable characteristics.
There are hints she is claustrophobic.
Due to the Archon Residue feeding on Collei's negative emotions, when she encounters such a negative emotion, the Archon Residue lets Collei have a vision of what would happen if she had control over the Archon Residue and was filled with hate.
On the Cat's Tail Message Board, one message left by a customer talks about a "strange girl" that was "wrapped in bandages," referring to Collei.
In the Japanese version of the manga, Collei's name was previously translated as "Kona" (コナ), though this has since been changed to reflect her current name, "Korei" (コレイ).
Collei is known by this alias or title:
Revived Serval (in Zero Hour Invokation)
Collei is mentioned in the description of the following Furnishing: Wood-Carved Cape: Forest Guardian
Etymology
Collei's name translates to 'lost' in Welsh.
Collei's constellation, Leptailurus Cervarius, is in reference to servals; Leptailurus refers to the serval's genus, while cervarius is a Latin term meaning 'of, pertaining to, or connected with deer' from which the word serval is derived.
Cuilein-Anbar's name may be translated as 'Darling Amber.' Cuilein (directly translating to 'pup/cub') is a Gaelic term of endearment commonly used for young animals, equivalent to 'darling,' while anbar is an Arabic word meaning 'amber.'
Notes

↑ Due to localization adjustments made since the manga's release, this term is no longer accurate. The original term in Chinese refers to gods that predate the rise of The Seven.


Other Languages
Character Title: Sprout of Rebirth

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishSprout of Rebirth—Chinese(Simplified)萃念初蘖Cuìniàn ChūnièChinese(Traditional)萃念初櫱Cuìniàn ChūnièJapanese純真を抱く萌蘖Junshin wo Idaku HougetsuInnocence-Bearing SproutKorean다시 움튼 새싹Dasi Umteun SaessakResprouted BudSpanishLa Promesa en FlorThe Flowering PromiseFrenchGerme de renaissanceSprout of RebirthRussianРосток возрожденияRostok vozrozhdeniyaSprout of RebirthThaiต้นกล้าเมื่อคราแรกแย้มTon-Kla Meua Kra Raek YaemFreshly Bloomed SproutVietnameseMầm Non Tái SinhSprout of RebirthGermanTaufrisches KeimblattDew-Fresh Seed LeafIndonesianSprout of Rebirth—PortugueseBroto de RenascimentoSprout of RebirthTurkishYeniden Doğuş FiliziItalianGermoglio di rinascitaSprout of Rebirth
References

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Collei

↑ Manga, Chapter 15: Conclusion

↑ Collei's Voice-Over: About Kaeya

↑ Collei's Character Story: Character Story 2


Navigation
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story
2 Combat
3 Navigation


Story

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Collei Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Hello.ogg Trainee Forest Ranger Collei, reporting for duty! I will ensure your safe passage through this forest. ...Phew, I think I've finally got that line down! ...I—I didn't get any of it wrong, did I?
Chat: Forest Patrol Route MapChat: Forest Patrol Route MapMedia:VO_Collei Chat - Forest Patrol Route Map.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Chat_-_Forest_Patrol_Route_Map.ogg According to today's forest patrol route map... we need to head here first, then make our way over to there... Hmm... There's a loooot of writing...
Chat: StatusChat: StatusMedia:VO_Collei Chat - Status.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Chat_-_Status.ogg Ah, I'm feeling alright today. I'll take the chance to try and get some more done than usual.
Chat: MemoryChat: MemoryMedia:VO_Collei Chat - Memory.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Chat_-_Memory.ogg When I don't have much to keep me occupied, old thought patterns start to creep back in, and— Soon as I start talking about it, the flashbacks start...
After the RainAfter the RainMedia:VO_Collei After the Rain.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_After_the_Rain.ogg Even though the rain has stopped, you still need to watch out for puddles. Just like how the past stays in the memory, long after... Ah, ahem, sorry!
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Collei When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg When you hear thunder, it's best practice to stay away from tall trees. Rangers must also be on the lookout for any signs of a forest fire.
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Collei When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg The weather's not bad. Let's get some sun! Hehe, after all, it's excellent for your health.
When the Wind Is BlowingWhen the Wind Is BlowingMedia:VO_Collei When the Wind Is Blowing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_When_the_Wind_Is_Blowing.ogg Ahh, the wind is perfect. Not too light, not too strong... Hehe, I bet Amber would be itching to test her limits in this weather.
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Collei Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Good_Morning.ogg Good morning! *yawn* Sorry, I was catching up on my studying again last night...
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Collei Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Good_Afternoon.ogg It's quite normal to be out until midday on the longer patrol routes. I brought a few extra Pita Pockets — would you like one?
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Collei Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Good_Evening.ogg It's getting dark out. You need to be extra careful if you're going through the forest at this hour.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Collei Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Good_Night.ogg Are you ready to get some sleep? Okay. The campfire's lit — I'll keep watch tonight.
About Collei: Forest RangerAbout Collei: Forest RangerMedia:VO_Collei About Collei - Forest Ranger.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Collei_-_Forest_Ranger.ogg I wandered the wilderness for quite a long time before arriving in Sumeru, and I've eaten everything out there countless times — edible or not. Since I'm familiar with the wilderness, the work of a Forest Ranger seemed a natural fit for me when I arrived here. If they did courses in wilderness survival, I'm pretty sure I could pass... well, as long as there was no written test.
About Collei Herself: CramAbout Collei Herself: CramMedia:VO_Collei About Collei Herself - Cram.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Collei_Herself_-_Cram.ogg Hmm? You wanna know what it is that I'm studying every day? ...Y—Yes, my master is a brilliant intellectual, but no, he's not teaching me anything heavily academic at the moment. It's, um... heh, "Basic Literacy in Teyvat"...
About Us: Old Friends Song of the Dragon and FreedomAbout Us: Old Friends Song of the Dragon and FreedomMedia:VO_Collei About Us - Old Friends.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Us_-_Old_Friends.ogg Amber's mentioned you before in her letters. I can't believe how much has happened in Mondstadt since I was there. Too bad I had to skip the words I didn't know, so I missed out on a lot of details... Oh, but since you're here now, would you be willing to tell me the whole story?
About Us: New Friends Friendship Lv. 6About Us: New Friends Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Collei About Us - New Friends.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Us_-_New_Friends.ogg I used to think that I'd never make a single friend in my whole life, but things changed when I went to Mondstadt... Then after that, I met Master in Sumeru. Now I've met you, too. All in all, I think I've been really lucky.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_the_Vision.ogg I never thought there'd come a day where I get my own Vision. In the past, I used to think that the gods only cared about people who were born popular... Um, but I was in a bad place back then. Sorry.
Something to Share: Skill NamesSomething to Share: Skill NamesMedia:VO_Collei Something to Share - Skill Names.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Something_to_Share_-_Skill_Names.ogg Master is always reminding me that practice makes perfect, so I sometimes try reading some light novels to improve my reading ability... Because they're at least easier to read than Master's essays. But recently, I was reading this book where the main character has loads of different skills. Each one has a name, and I didn't know a single word in any of them... Hmm? The title? I think it was, um... "Onibudou"? Have you read it before?
Something to Share: Sealed PowerSomething to Share: Sealed PowerMedia:VO_Collei Something to Share - Sealed Power.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Something_to_Share_-_Sealed_Power.ogg Ugh... Here we go again: "The power sealed within me grows restless"... and "You'd be wise to stay away from me"... Why are people in Inazuma casually coming out with lines like these all the time? Doesn't it embarrass them when they think back on it later? Aaah... no, it's too cringey. I can't read any more of this!
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Collei Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Interesting_Things.ogg Well, there's plants and animals, there's ones you can eat and ones you can't, but beyond that it's all much of a... uh, muchness really? ...Shh, don't tell Master I said that. Although... personally, I guess I quite like trees that have a hollow in it? Especially in those moments where I just want to curl up in a ball and hide away. Everyone must have moments like that, right? ...No?
About Tighnari Friendship Lv. 4About Tighnari Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About Tighnari.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Tighnari.ogg Although Master can be quite stern and is always criticizing adventurers for carelessly eating poisonous mushrooms, he is actually a gentle soul. He's so patient when he tutors me, and he even reads out letters from Mondstadt for me. I've always been very grateful to him.
About Dori Friendship Lv. 4About Dori Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About Dori.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Dori.ogg I ran into her once on forest ranger duty. She pulled out a bottle of fruit juice from her bag that looked really tasty, as if she somehow knew I was thirsty... Fortunately, Master was there, and he stopped me from spending all of my hard-earned Mora in a moment of weakness...
About Lesser Lord Kusanali Friendship Lv. 4About Lesser Lord Kusanali Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About Lesser Lord Kusanali.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Lesser_Lord_Kusanali.ogg The Dendro Archon... When I was a kid, there were so many times when I just wanted to scream out to the gods and ask them why, why did I have to go through so much pain...? *sigh* But, for all I know, maybe the gods feel just as helpless about everything they have to endure as I did back then.
About Cyno Friendship Lv. 4About Cyno Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About Cyno.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Cyno.ogg Um... I'd rather not talk about him, if that's okay? Oh, no — the General Mahamatra isn't a bad guy or anything. Matter of fact, I have him to thank for bringing me back from Mondstadt to Sumeru and finding me a safe place to stay. It's just that... whenever I'm reminded of the sealing process just before leaving Mondstadt... ooh... the back of my neck starts hurting again...
About Kaveh Friendship Lv. 4About Kaveh Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About Kaveh.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Kaveh.ogg The General Mahamatra once brought him to our place for a meal. From the moment the fruit arrived on the table, he ranted non-stop about his difficult and stubborn roommate for the entire meal. We didn't get a single word in the whole time. We just nodded along and tried to stifle our laughter. It took a lot of effort.
About Nilou Friendship Lv. 4About Nilou Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About Nilou.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Nilou.ogg She seems a little absent-minded. If she ever comes to perform around Gandharva Ville, I'm worried she'll end up wandering off into the forest and getting lost... So I'll have to watch out for her, as a responsible trainee forest ranger should.
About Amber Friendship Lv. 4About Amber Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About Amber.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Amber.ogg Amber is amazing. She's friendly and has tons of enthusiasm, plus she's really brave and always does the right thing... She's the person I admire most of all! She's like a cozy fire that makes everyone around her feel warm. There's no way I'd be where I am today without her... So much time has gone by — I bet she's even more cool and confident than ever these days! Who knows if I'll ever be able to match her.
About Kaeya Friendship Lv. 4About Kaeya Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About Kaeya.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Kaeya.ogg How's everyone in Mondstadt, are they good? I caused so much trouble back then, I sometimes wonder if I should make some time to go back there and apologize... Hmm, but what if I ran into the Cavalry Captain, and he started teasing me? ...Yeah, there's no rush, maybe I'll leave it a while longer.
About Lisa Friendship Lv. 4About Lisa Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About Lisa.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Lisa.ogg After all this time, Lisa still calls me "Little Collei" when she writes to me. I feel like by now she... hmm? She calls you "cutie"? Hahaha... Sorry, I don't mean to laugh, um... but I must say, that makes me feel a lot better.
About Fischl Friendship Lv. 4About Fischl Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About Fischl.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Fischl.ogg ..."Prinzessin der Verurteilung"? ...Mmm, nope, sorry. I wasn't in Mondstadt for very long, so I didn't hear of her. That name, though... *grimace*... Ahem, nothing.
About Faruzan Friendship Lv. 4About Faruzan Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei About Faruzan.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_About_Faruzan.ogg Um... To be honest, I don't really know how to handle people like Madam Faruzan... She's always saying that I'm a hardworking student and eager to learn, but that's because I have to be! I'm a slow learner, so I have to put in the extra effort. Oh, there was a time when I accidentally saw her research journal — only for a second, though. It was all written in old script, and I couldn't even make out half of it... Definitely the scariest book in Teyvat!
More About Collei: IMore About Collei: IMedia:VO_Collei More About Collei - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_More_About_Collei_-_01.ogg You wanna know more about me? If you mean about before I came to Sumeru, then, um... M—Maybe you could write to Amber and ask her about it? Wait wait wait, no, not that. If Kaeya found out, that would be a disaster. What am I saying — of course he'd find out! O—Okay, I'll tell you myself, then. Whew... I'm sorry! Please give me a few days to work up to it...
More About Collei: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Collei: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Collei More About Collei - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_More_About_Collei_-_02.ogg When I ended up in Mondstadt, I said a lot of things to Amber and the others that I shouldn't have. I still feel ashamed whenever I think about it... How could I talk like that to people who were just trying to help me? I shudder to think what they must have thought of me back then... Uhh, sorry, maybe we can leave it there for today? If I go any further than that, I know I'll regret it tomorrow.
More About Collei: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Collei: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Collei More About Collei - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_More_About_Collei_-_03.ogg I was once taken to someone they call "The Doctor" for treatment for my Eleazar... well, actually "treatment" is the wrong word — it was more... experimentation. After so long in that place, I couldn't help but start to wonder, what have I done wrong to deserve this? Why won't anyone come to rescue me? Gradually, I went from hating just the Fatui to hating everyone in the world. Thinking about it now... it was quite childish.
More About Collei: IV Friendship Lv. 5 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMore About Collei: IV Friendship Lv. 5 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Collei More About Collei - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_More_About_Collei_-_04.ogg Thanks to you guys, my Eleazar has disappeared without a trace. It's the miracle that I never dared to wish for. ...I never held out hope for a cure, I just figured I'd try and just do as much as I could before my body stops moving. First I was focused on revenge, then forest patrol... and now, finally, I am free to live my life.
More About Collei: V Friendship Lv. 6 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMore About Collei: V Friendship Lv. 6 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Collei More About Collei - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_More_About_Collei_-_05.ogg Are you going to keep traveling? Let me do my part, please? I'll study hard... whether it's reading, medicine, combat, or assessing the danger... even something small, like checking the streetlights! I hope that many more people will get the help they need along the way... just like how you saved me.
Collei's HobbiesCollei's HobbiesMedia:VO_Collei Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Hobbies.ogg My hobbies? ...Sewing, practicing gliding, and helping people! Hmm? Sounds familiar? Well, that's because... I want to be someone that gives people that warm feeling, too.
Collei's TroublesCollei's TroublesMedia:VO_Collei Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Troubles.ogg "In response to the homo— homogenization of crop species... taken import measures... avoid long-term consumption of fungal foods..." What is the point of all this... They're literally saying, "I don't wanna eat mushrooms," but because they're from the Akademiya, they have to make it sound all complicated!
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Collei Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Favorite_Food.ogg Pita pockets are travel-friendly and filling, so they're probably the food I eat the most. But if we're talking about more than just "filling," my favorite food would be... mmm, Fried Radish Balls, I think.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Collei Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg During my wandering days, there were times when I had to crack open Wolfhooks and force them down if I didn't want to go hungry, so there aren't really any foods that I especially hate. If I had to pick one thing that I won't touch, it would be mushrooms of any kind. Nothing to do with the flavor — I just don't want to ever be the one on the receiving end of one of Master's stern lectures...
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Collei Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg Mmm... It's delicious! Could you teach me?
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Collei Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg With skills like this, I bet you never go hungry when you're out in the wilderness, huh?
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Collei Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Sorry, Master says I'm not supposed to eat anything that looks suspicious.
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Collei Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Birthday.ogg Uh, H—Happy Birthday! Here's the cake I made for you, and here are the candles, so yeah... Amber said in her letter that this would do the job... Oh! And, and here's the gift I got for you!...I'm sorry, I don't have much experience arranging birthday parties. I have no idea if you'll like it... Aah, I'm getting all flustered now. If anything's not how you like it, please say, and I'll make absolutely sure to plan a nicer birthday celebration for you next year!
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Collei Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg Does this mean I'm making progress?
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Collei Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg I'm starting to feel like... I'm finally a better person than I used to be.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Collei Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg Even if it's a life-or-death situation, I'll never need to rely on their power again.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Collei Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg It probably wouldn't even matter if I unsealed that power now — I've come so far, I think I'd be able to control it, don't you? Well — only one way to find out! Hu-uh!...Just kidding. My real superpower is all about the adventure experience I've had with you.
Combat
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Collei Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Go!Media:VO Collei Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Fly.Media:VO Collei Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Hai!Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Collei Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Cuilein-Anbar, help!Media:VO Collei Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Try this on for size!Media:VO Collei Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Just like we rehearsed!Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Collei Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Collei Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Collei Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndCollei does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Collei Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Collei Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Collei Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Collei Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg It's important to replenish your supplies often when you're out in the wild.Media:VO Collei Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg Wow, this is so lucky.Media:VO Collei Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Phew, glad there weren't any poisonous mushrooms inside.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Collei Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Low_HP_01.ogg I—I can keep going!Media:VO Collei Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Low_HP_02.ogg I've been through worse!Media:VO Collei Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Low_HP_03.ogg Uh... I'm hurt pretty bad...Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Collei Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Don't push yourself!Media:VO Collei Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg You're gonna get injured...FallenFallenMedia:VO Collei Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Fallen_01.ogg A Forest Ranger... forever.Media:VO Collei Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Fallen_02.ogg No... not like this...Media:VO Collei Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Fallen_03.ogg I knew... this day would come...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Collei Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Collei Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Collei Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Collei Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Collei Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Collei Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Collei Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg How the...Media:VO Collei Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg D—Don't touch me!Media:VO Collei Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Collei Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Collei Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Collei Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Collei Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Joining_Party_01.ogg I'll ensure your safety.Media:VO Collei Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Joining_Party_02.ogg Everything's ready, let's go!Media:VO Collei Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Joining_Party_03.ogg Trainee Forest Ranger Collei, reporting!Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Media:VO Collei Standby 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Standby_01.ogg Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Collei Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Collei Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Collei Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Collei Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Collei Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Collei Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Collei Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Collei Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Collei Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Collei Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Collei Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Collei Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Collei Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Collei Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Collei Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Collei Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Climbing_03.ogg Media:VO Collei Climbing 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Climbing_04.ogg Media:VO Collei Climbing 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Climbing_05.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Collei Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Collei Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Collei Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Collei Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Collei Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Collei Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Collei Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Collei Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Collei_Jumping_05.ogg 
Navigation
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Collei










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Collei can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining her and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 Forest Patrol Anecdotes
4.2 Deep in the Quiet Forest


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Collei has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsForest Patrol Anecdotes 20 1 20,000Deep in the Quiet Forest 20 2 20,000
Idle Quotes

 Changes...
 I've gotta work hard...
 Literacy lessons...
 Over in Mondstadt...
 Studying...
(When the player is nearby)
 How have you been...
 Don't push yourself...

Dialogue

Media:vo collei mimitomo hello 01.ogg Collei: How have you been recently (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)?
Media:vo collei mimitomo hello 02.ogg Collei: If you ever feel unwell, don't ignore it and soldier on, okay?
 How do you like it here?
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Collei: Yeah, it's pretty nice. Great place to rest and recuperate.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Collei: It's actually quite normal for Forest Rangers to rough it out in the wild sometimes.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Collei: And during my wandering days, having a tent to keep the wind out was a luxury.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Collei: But still... I do prefer places with plenty of vegetation. It's nice being surrounded by constant reminders of the temerity of life.
 Wait... do you mean the "tenacity" of life...?
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Collei: Huh!? "T—Tenacity"? Wait, is it?
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Collei: I'm sorry, I only heard Master Tighnari say it once before... he said he likes living somewhere that is a testament to the... tenacity of life.
 So shall I plant some more trees?
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Collei: No need! It's great as it is.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Collei: If you're gonna live somewhere for the long term, the most important thing to consider is how it makes you feel.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg Collei: I really like it here. Thank you so much for inviting me.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Want to chat?
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Collei: Sounds good!
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Collei: ...
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Collei: ...Um, sorry, I thought you were gonna go first.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Collei: I don't have much experience in starting conversations... so I don't really know where to start.
 Don't worry. As it happens, I've got something I wanted to tell you.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Collei: Oh... Sure, go ahead! I'm all ears.
 Amber told me a few things about you...
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 06a 1.ogg Collei: Amber!? She mentioned me? What did she say? Wait, lemme grab my notebook, I need to write this down!
 Seeing you flourishing...
 Makes her really happy.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 06a 2.ogg Collei: Heh, I don't know about flourishing — I've still got a long way to go... Was there anything else?
 She mentioned your recent letter...
 She said there were quite a few spelling mistakes...
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 06a 3.ogg Collei: Oh... I, um, I did my best...
 Kaeya told me a few things about you...
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 06b 1.ogg Collei: K—Kaeya!? ...I'm sorry, I suddenly have a stomachache...
 He said you made quite a few spelling mistakes in your letter.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 06b 2.ogg Collei: Oh, is that it? I was sure he'd gone and... Ahem, never mind.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Collei: I learned a few new words recently. I wanted to get the hang of them, so I tried to use them all in my letter.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Collei: But if that made it too difficult to read, I guess I was getting ahead of myself.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Collei: I need to take it slowly and use new words more carefully. Better to mix in a few new words with what I already know.
 I can spell-check your letters for you.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Collei: Really? Wow, thanks! Oh, and in that case, I need to call you "Master," too!
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Is there anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Collei: Actually, I was wondering about inviting you to go camping with me.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Collei: My mood's been pretty good these past few days, and I just finished an exam. Master Tighnari says I should take some time to relax.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Collei: We should find a nice wide open place to enjoy the scenery, and bring some ingredients to cook over the campfire.
 When are we leaving?
 Shall I get ready?
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Collei: Um... I was thinking maybe we could leave today?
 Today!?
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Collei: Um... well actually, I only handed in my exam paper so far. Master Tighnari said he'll mark it when he's got a spare moment...
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Collei: But if I don't get a good mark, I'll have to start revising again right away.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Collei: And you said you were up for it, so I didn't want to let this opportunity go by...
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Collei: Then again, now I think about it, even though we could find some ingredients on the ground, we'll need some time to think of a good location.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Collei: And if we're going out into the wild, there's a whole lot of other things we need to prepare for, too...
 How about we just go camping here?
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Collei: Huh? Here? ...Actually, yeah, I never thought of that!
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg Collei: Plenty of open space, a great view, and no danger...
 Consider it the trial run before we go camping for real.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg Collei: Alright! Ah, this is such a good idea. You're so good at this kind of thing.
Media:vo collei mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg Collei: Wait! Are you sure Tubby won't mind?
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Good morning, Collei.
Media:vo collei mimitomo morning 01.ogg Collei: Good morning, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)!
Media:vo collei mimitomo morning 02.ogg Collei: I'm doing okay today. Here's hoping it continues.
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good evening, Collei.
Media:vo collei mimitomo night 01.ogg Collei: Have a good rest, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler), and let's hope tomorrow is another good day.
Media:vo collei mimitomo night 02.ogg Collei: Hmm? Me? Oh... I'll hit the hay as soon as I'm done with my studying...

Special Dialogue
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

Forest Patrol Anecdotes

Media:vo mimitomo xm collei ranger 01.ogg Collei: Wow, what a great little cabin! I'm sure the time would just fly by if I did some reading here.
Media:vo mimitomo xm collei ranger 02.ogg Collei: But knowing me... I'd be bugging you for help every few seconds because there's so many words I don't know... That would definitely ruin the mood...
Media:vo mimitomo xm collei ranger 03.ogg Collei: Uh... I think I'll stick with books I've read before, then. Always helps to have a refresher.

Deep in the Quiet Forest

Media:vo mimitomo xm collei forestvillage 01.ogg Collei: Hmm... I see this hut is built from wooden stakes, lashed together nice and tight with a rope. It's really sturdy...
Media:vo mimitomo xm collei forestvillage 02.ogg Collei: Looks like you know what you're doing! I don't have anything else to add.
Media:vo mimitomo xm collei forestvillage 03.ogg Collei: Next time we go camping, let's try and set up a tent that's just as strong as this!

Change History
Released in Version 3.0[Edit History]Version 3.2
The following Furnishing Sets were assigned as favorite for this character:
Forest Patrol Anecdotes
Deep in the Quiet Forest

Version 3.0

Collei was released as Companion.
Navigation
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






