Curious about what draws her disciples to Liyue Harbor,[2] she has taken up residence in the city to see for herself.





A Guest's August Omen





							Wish
							
						



							In-Game
							
						



















Type
Default


Char­ac­ter
Xianyun


De­scrip­tion
Xianyun's outfit. These garments were not designed by any famous tailor, though at first glance, they appear to be made of the finest silks. Yet closer inspection reveals that the weave is not of silk, cotton, or linen, and a glow runs through it like an adeptus's feather coat. One can only imagine from what provenance she obtained such clothes...


How to Obtain
Unlocked upon obtaining character


A Guest's August Omen is Xianyun's Default Character Outfit.

Contents

1 Appearance
2 Gallery

2.1 In-Game Assets
2.2 Animations
2.3 Turnarounds


3 Other Languages
4 Change History
5 Navigation


Appearance[]
Xianyun's dress is black, holding a flowy and tight-fitting style. Her dress has golden engravings and cloud-like shapes while also showing details in different shades of blue. She also wears sheer black tights underneath the dress.  Xianyun's heels are black, however they are embellished with golden wings and tips. Her Anemo Vision is set upon her right shoulder on an orange knot.
Some of Xianyun's accessories include red glasses, an orange tassel earring on her right ear, a black and blue feather pinning her hair up in a high ponytail, and sheer black sleeves extending all the way to her fingertips akin to gloves. Her sleeves also include a deep blue layer of fabric over the top along with golden bands. Xianyun also wears a sort of pale, sea-green coat or cape which resembles a texture similar to the feathers of a bird that covers her neck and drapes down her back. A long tassel drops from her throat to her upper abdomen in gold and yellow.

Gallery[]
In-Game Assets[]
Character IconItem IconA Guest's August Omen Side Icon.pngParty IconA Guest's August Omen Preview.pngOutfit Preview
Animations[]
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Xianyun 1.mp4      Media:Idle Xianyun 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Xianyun.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Xianyun.mp4      Media:Party Setup Xianyun.mp4      
Turnarounds[]
In-game model turnaround
Other Languages[]

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishA Guest's August Omen—Chinese(Simplified)有客来仪Yǒukè LáiyíA Venerable Guest's Arrival[• 1]Chinese(Traditional)有客來儀Yǒukè LáiyíJapanese有客の儀Yuukyaku no Gi‍[!][!]Assumed readingCeremony of Guest’s PresenceKorean귀한 손님Gwihan SonnimA Welcome GuestSpanishVenerable invitadaVenerable GuestFrenchSublime présage d'une conviveSublime Omen of a Guest at a MealRussianСчастливое знамение гостьиSchastlivoye znameniye gost'iA Guest's Lucky OmenThaiการมาเยือนของมิตรรักKan Ma Yuean khong Mit RakVIsit of a Loved FriendVietnameseNghi Lễ Đón KháchGermanErhabenes Omen eines GastsIndonesianA Guest's August Omen—PortugueseRitual da VisitaTurkishYüce Konuğun GelişiItalianSolenne auspicio di un ospiteSolemn Omen of a Guest
↑ Chinese: Modified from the idiom 鳳皇來儀 Fènghuáng Láiyí, referring to a Fenghuang (phoenix) dancing with an uncommonly dignified bearing, which is a good omen. 來 Lái refers to 來舞 Láiwǔ, "dance" in the idiom, but more commonly means "arrival".


Change History[]
Released in Version 4.4[Create New History]
Navigation[]
 Dressing Room
 Character OutfitsDefault

Alternate

Themed



 Wind GlidersProgress

Other



 Echoes









OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
A mysterious woman who has just moved to Liyue Harbor and claims to be reserved, quiet, and socially inept.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance
3 Official Introduction
4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Jadevoid
4.8 Vision


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 Archon Quests
7.2 Story Quests
7.3 World Quests
7.4 Events
7.5 Web Events


8 Character Mentions

8.1 Character Stories
8.2 Character Voice-Overs
8.3 Mails


9 Trivia

9.1 Etymology


10 Other Languages

10.1 Character Title: Passerine Herald


11 References
12 Navigation


Personality
One of the Mighty and Illuminated Adepti of Jueyun, known as "Cloud Retainer." Expert in all kinds of mechanical contraptions, her heart now turns towards the affairs of the mortal world, through which she walks under the name "Xianyun."—In-game character attributes and profile page text
As an adeptus, Xianyun is devoted to protecting Liyue from external threats and sees Morax in high regard; when she learned of his apparent demise, she flew into a fury and threatened to destroy Liyue Harbor for their crimes, only for the Traveler to placate her by reminding her of her duties. She also has a habit of speaking formally, often addressing herself as "one". In the past, she was revered as a decisive and bold figure, while she was also known by her fellow adepti as solemn and taciturn, rarely speaking outside of activating sigils during battle.
Having lived for thousands of years, Xianyun was good friends with Guizhong and shared a similar like of mechanics; following her death in the Archon War, she modified the Guizhong Ballista to honor her memory. She is competitive and prideful, generally starting competitions over fairly trivial matters, such as cooking and racing. She also shows a caring side to her disciples; she made a special pinwheel device for Ganyu after noticing she was interested in some being sold at a stall, and was pleased to see her enjoy it. When she is with Ganyu, she generally has a habit of reminiscing about her past, much to Ganyu's embarrassment. Likewise, she was curious about how Shenhe was doing in human society and was pleased to see she had no issues.

Appearance
See also: A Guest's August Omen
Xianyun uses the tall female model. She has fair skin and navy hair that has light blue undertones. Her hair is tied in a high ponytail secured with a hairpin that resembles the sharpness of a crane. She has shorter eyebrows and wears red glasses. Although Xianyun seems to take the form of a human, she has taloned fingers, like the claws of a crane.

     Cloud Retainer's crane form  
In her crane form, she is taller than many humans and is white with blue, gold, and black plumage. Under her eyes are red markings.

Official Introduction
Chivalrous Shadow, Shrouded in Cloud
A new resident in the city, you say?  Oh, it's Cloud— I mean, Xianyun. Don't be fooled by her usual manner... She's  someone you can truly rely on when the going gets tough. If you ever find  yourself in trouble, just tell her — I'm sure she'd be willing to help.—Madame Ping
Everyone has something to say about Xianyun: "That tall woman with the updone hair," "that bespectacled artisan," or perhaps "that talkative new neighbor." They all say different things, but together they paint a picture of the impression she leaves — of someone who's witty, chatty, warm-hearted, and easy to get along with.
But that's not how Xianyun sees herself. In her own eyes, she's inarticulate, reserved, and unyieldingly proud. Aside from her mastery of mechanics and knack for making all kinds of little trinkets, it's an entirely different image from how others would describe her.
Some curious individuals, seeing how her mannerisms and bearing set her apart from ordinary folk, are convinced that she's a heroine — so they go around trying to uncover her heroic backstory and whether she goes by any other names.
Ask the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's consultant, and with a wave of his hand, he'd say: "Xianyun? We're not well acquainted, but going by her name, she sounds like a good person."
Ask Madame Ping from Yujing Terrace, and she'd nod and reply: "Xian... Oh, Xianyun? We've crossed paths, yes... She's a good person, you know. Once you've met, you'll find that your days seem to go by much more smoothly."
Ask Ganyu, and she'd nod too: "She is a heroine, but a very discreet one — hence why she's living incognito in Liyue Harbor."
Ask Shenhe, and she'd respond pensively: "Xianyun... Of course, she's a master. Whatever you do, you must not offend her."
As it turns out, such speculations are not wrong. There's far more to Xianyun than meets the eye, but those who know the full story are few indeed. If someone was to address her as "Cloud Retainer"... Well, people would know her instantly, and you'd hear a torrent of praise flow her way: "Who doesn't know Cloud Retainer? Noble, brave, loyal, and wise... A most worthy friend if ever there was one!"
So try asking Xianyun herself then: "Are you a heroine? Surely you're not... an adeptus?"
You catch the new resident just as she's working on her latest invention, her pride and joy — what she calls an "Exquisite Mini Broth Pot." She's too absorbed to take the question seriously, so she simply waves it off as a load of old nonsense and tells you not to bother her while she's busy.
As for what exactly an Exquisite Mini Broth Pot is... No one really knows, other than having been told that it brings out flavors much better than a regular soup pot. Likewise, none would know how profoundly it might impact Liyue Harbor's future gastronomic development. Suffice to say — if Xianyun says it'll be impressive, it'll be impressive alright.

Character Stories
Character Details
According to the "Thrice Annotated Version of the Full Record of Pristine Pavilion," a roaming adeptus travels with the "Spirit of Eight Pure and Mighty Rose-Clouds," dancing through the air as though "riding light and striding lightning." Their lives, too, are long beyond mortal reckoning. What humans call a millennium is but time for a short rest for the adeptus in their abode. As the saying goes, "Night and day belong not in paradise."As for where the adepti dwell, the "Full Record of Pristine Pavilion" asserts that the sky is their pillow and the earth their mat, and that they may dwell in the mountains, rivers, lakes, and seas — and this indeed seems to explain the countless adeptal encounters recorded in the annals of Liyue's history. This is one school of thought.Another can be found in the classic treatise on metal and stone, "Void-Pacing Stone Catalog." While showering praise upon the weird and wonderful rock formations of Jueyun Karst, "Stone Catalog" also proffers a warning: "The peaks of Jueyun tower up to lofty heights, striving to outdo one another... each belonging to a different master — Qingyun Peak to Moon Carver, Mt. Hulao to Mountain Shaper, Mt. Aocang to Cloud Retainer. The wise climb not a mastered mountain, nor quarry its rocks."Out of a similar veneration, descriptions of what the adepti actually look like are few and far between. Based on a handful of allusions to Cloud Retainer's appearance in the historian Zichang's "Stone Tablet Compilations," as well as scattered references in ancient songs, we can know that the adepti are ever-changing in form. To take Cloud Retainer as an example, when in human form, she is said to be "of elegant countenance, dressed in purpled robes and made up like a flower in full bloom"; whereas in bestial form, she "flies with grace, soaring among the clouds and crying out to the moon."Interestingly, one particular tale recounted in "Full Record of Pristine Pavilion" gives a further idea of the sublime character of the adepti. Once upon a time, a traveler happened upon Cloud Retainer while passing through Jueyun Karst. Taking out a self-made timepiece which he proudly dubbed a "Jade Bottle Float-Type Water Clock," he sought to impress his ingenuity upon the adeptus. But to his surprise, she instead summarily pointed out the flaws of using a float-type water clock to record the passing of time. Hearing this, the traveler begged for her guidance, which he eventually received before being sent back down the mountain.Such tales are apt to make mortals lament — it is only after meeting an adeptus, free and unfettered by the material world, that one can truly realize how insignificant our lives are.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
Every second of every day, Liyue Harbor bustles with throngs of people coming and going. Local businessman weighed down by sacks of gold, outlanders garbed in strange attire, shrewd and canny public servants, warm-hearted guards... People from all walks of life with all sorts of personalities mingle, to the extent that no one looks out of place.When someone new suddenly appears in a city like this, people don't bat an eyelid.This particular newcomer to Liyue Harbor is a woman who goes by the name of Xianyun. Tall and slender, she wears a pair of red-rimmed spectacles and exudes an aura that makes her stand out from the crowd.To the Fontainian merchants who sell their mechanical creations on the streets of Liyue, she's already a familiar figure. When passing by, she invariably stops to discuss mechanical design with them — and once such discussions get started, entire afternoons fly by before anyone notices. She seems well acquainted with Chef Mao and Xiangling from Wanmin Restaurant as well, and is often to be seen sitting at a table opposite Guoba, waiting for a bowl of piping hot Dragon Beard Noodles. And she's also made an impression on the waiters of both Xinyue Kiosk and Liuli Pavilion, where she sometimes dines as the guest of Mr. Zhongli from the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. Granny Shan, the toy seller, remembers her too. If memory serves, she'd tell you, Xianyun's the one who often brings along a young woman with long, white hair to look at her kites and other trinkets. The young woman, whose name she now recalls is Shenhe, never seems to find anything that takes her fancy — yet Xianyun always brings her back nonetheless.Just like many other residents of Liyue Harbor, it seems that Xianyun not only has hobbies of her own, but also travels widely and has many friends.So when people see her chatting with Madame Ping by the fish pond nearby Yujing Terrace, they think nothing of it."I haven't seen much of Mountain Shaper lately. And Moon Carver still hasn't returned that Multi-Purpose Abode Cleaning Talisman I lent him, to this day...""Is that so? What might that be then, some sort of new sigil contraption you've come up with?""Yes, let me tell you all about it..."Each day, there comes a time when the lights of thousands of homes finally go out, and Liyue Harbor falls silent for a brief while. With nothing more to see before morning, Xianyun takes this opportunity to take a stroll along the narrow path that winds up Mt. Tianheng.Jagged outcrops pose little obstacle for Xianyun. With a quick jump up and a gust of wind below, she's already at the top in the blink of an eye.Gazing down upon the murky streets far below, the human known as Xianyun transforms into a crane, and with a flap of her wings lifts herself up toward the firmament.But of course, there's really nothing strange about any of this. Liyue Harbor is a city that embraces all — so it's only natural that some adepti would end up living here too.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
Some of Liyue's history has simply been lost to the sands of time. The rest has either left its mark on the land in the form of ancient ruins, or — thanks to the painstaking efforts of those with adeptal affinity — made it into the annals of history. Aside from traveling to all corners of the land, those who would seek to understand Liyue's history must therefore look to the history books. Naturally, book collectors have played an important role in this process. One such individual is the great scholar of Liyue Harbor who refers to himself as "Scholar Dongming."Dongming is closely acquainted with Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's consultant Mr. Zhongli, and indeed often entreats him to help assess the authenticity of ancient texts. On one such occasion, Zhongli had a matter at hand that prevented him from attending in person, so he sent a friend in his stead.This particular friend turned out to be a tall, slender woman who wore red-rimmed spectacles and introduced herself as Xianyun. At first, Dongming assumed that she would be a person of culture and learning just like Mr. Zhongli. But upon entering, she displayed no apparent interest in the ancient texts before her, and the only thing that seemed to catch her eyes was the old mechanical lock on the door. Overcome by nerves, Dongming was for a time at a complete loss for words. As if she could sense the awkward silence hanging on the air, Xianyun took charge and began to speak. To put Dongming's nerves at ease, she reassured him that her eyesight was perfectly adequate for judging the veracity of ancient texts, and then began to talk about her glasses.It turned out that there was nothing wrong with Xianyun's eyesight, and that she didn't even need glasses to see clearly. "Glasses," she explained, "not only help people see, but can be worn as accessories too, you know! And once you've realized that... Why limit yourself to the boring colors? What's wrong with red rims anyway?""What an interesting person..." thought Dongming to himself."Besides, don't glasses put people at ease? Don't they feel more... human?" A sudden change of expression passed over Dongming's face when he heard this."I mean, more in line with the local fashion. I'm not from Liyue Harbor, after all.""Ah, that explains it then..." thought Dongming, who himself was not a local either. Hearing her say this made him feel that little bit closer to Xianyun — close enough, in fact, to steer the topic back to those ancient texts that he wanted her to assess.After looking through the texts for a moment, Xianyun frowned and exclaimed: "'Shaped like a bull, with a winged tail'... Why on earth would Fujin of the North choose to take such a form? And the part about Mountain Shaper... it's all nonsense."One way to judge the authenticity of ancient writings is to examine their contents. Given that the expert before him believed the records to be erroneous, it seemed to Dongming that this book — which he had acquired for quite the pretty price — was most probably a forgery. Collecting ancient texts is an exhausting and expensive endeavor, and requires tightening your belt from time to time in order to make ends meet. Dongming couldn't help but smile bitterly as he reflected on the misfortunes he'd faced in life. His parents and wife had already passed away, and now these books were his only escape from the sorrows of living.With a voice overflowing with emotion, he sighed: "Mortal lives are full of tribulation, while the adepti are unconstrained and carefree. I doubt I'll ever have the fortune to meet an adeptus."Gazing down through her spectacles, Xianyun looked upon the haggard-looking book-collector for a moment, before replying: "It is said that in ancient times, people who sought the path of the adepti had to pass the trials of heaven and earth, and only then might they be granted the opportunity to prove their true intentions. The tortuous path to becoming an adeptus was no less painful than the agonies of mortal life.""You're right... I've let myself get carried away."After a brief exchange, Dongming accompanied Xianyun back out of the library. Just before parting, she suddenly looked up as if she had recalled something, and said: "Despite the fact that your book isn't genuine, if I were you, I'd consider taking that old lock on your door to an antique dealer. You might just find that it's worth at least as much as that book.""And as for adeptal affinity... I wouldn't lose hope quite yet either. You have plenty of time ahead of you, so stay vital and look to the future."Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
The prevailing school of historical thought holds the following to be true: "Since the beginning have things existed, the heavens and earth bounded by their limits, as do the myriad rivers of the world — extending off into the four directions — all know a beginning and an end. Through the cosmos, the immortals came into being without waiting for the gods, acting without waiting for light and dark — moistening the woods and grass, soaking into metal and rock, their way of nature, their beginning unknown, their end unknowable." In simple terms — the world has its limits, and the adepti were not in fact created by the gods.Before the word "Liyue" even existed, the adepti already inhabited the mountains of this land. Among their number, some took it as their duty to protect the world and its people, while others were set on tyranny. Parts of this history have been recorded in "Full Record of Pristine Pavilion":"The drought demon ran amok, setting the naked wilderness ablaze. The people's hearts were fumigated, driving them to the brink of despair. Beset by clouds of pestilence and miasma, they were gripped with worry. Who could they turn to? Who would save them?"Upon arrival, the adeptus borrowed the wind to retain the clouds. Immediately, the clouds gathered together, and abundant rain burst forth from the heavens. Drought and plague were both driven away, and the people were saved."It was this adeptus, respectfully addressed as "Cloud Retainer" by later generations, that saved humanity from the demon of drought in their hour of need. Filled with gratitude, the people recorded her deed of great benevolence with these words.Later on, the great war broke out among the gods. The values and compassion of Morax, the God of Contracts, won him the favor of Cloud Retainer and the other adepti, and so they followed him into battle, campaigning widely across the land. Finally they prevailed, restoring peace to the land and prosperity for the people.Tales of that bygone era, with its heroes and adepti beyond number, have never failed to fascinate and impassion posterity. The towering figures of the adepti have imprinted themselves upon the very fabric of history, inspiring countless moving legends that have grown together with the people of Liyue. But when Xianyun hears humans tell their stories about the adepti, especially the parts about herself, she rarely seems to show excitement.Over the years, Jueyun Karst — which once echoed with the sound of joyful music — has become an unbearably lonely place to reside in. Nearly all her dear friends that once laughed by her side have perished in the raging fires of that war. Sometimes, the emptiness inside her is quite overwhelming. And though her companions sacrificed themselves willingly in defense of the world, she cannot help but lament their passing.But despite this, the ironclad pact that was made with Rex Lapis all those years past still holds her to her vows; the contract is a living testament to the united determination and aspirations of all the adeptal hosts. The thought of forswearing her oath and leaving has never once crossed Xianyun's mind. More than anything else, she values the ties of friendship that bind her to her companions — if it was just to uphold the wishes of her deceased adepti friends, she would never abandon Liyue at a time of need.With a mixture of regret and determination swirling through her heart, Xianyun's swelling thoughts gradually began to reside, and she listened in silence as the remainder of the human legend was told. When it was finally over, her response was simply:"A compelling story indeed."Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
In the days before their friendships were torn asunder, the adepti would gather from time to time and fill Jueyun Karst with the merry sound of song and music.Streetward Rambler had the best sense of melody and played the zither with great beauty, while Guizhong was a natural composer.The yakshas Bonanus and Indarias would often accompany Cloud Retainer, beating time and singing along to Streetward Rambler's melodies. Sometimes, when she was excited, Cloud Retainer would take on all kinds of different forms as she danced along with the gentle breeze.On such occasions, the creatures of the mountains and rivers would raise their heads and prick up their ears, standing transfixed as they quietly enjoyed the blissful adeptal music. Other adepti too would stop to listen with gladness in their hearts.Nowadays, a quietness has fallen upon Jueyun Karst, broken only by the whistle of the wind and the chirping of the birds.Occasionally, deep in the heart of Mt. Aocang, the sound of Cloud Retainer speaking with her disciples might be heard from the innermost recesses of her abode.Over the years, her compassion has driven her to take in many disciples. Some have tragic stories indeed, yet through years of assiduous training are no longer shrouded in melancholy, like buds that have weathered a frost emerging defiant from the melting snow.Watching them often brings her great joy. They embody the hopes that her friends once cherished, and thus through them their spirit lives on.This is precisely why she's so protective of her young disciples. At times, her overflowing desire to care for them seems to overwhelm and confuse them — but she doesn't mind.After all, the young ones have never known the agony of being separated from their friends, nor beheld the sight of blood-soaked battlefields. How could they possibly know how much they meant to her? As long as they stay safe and sound, that's all that matters.Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6
Natural laws are mysterious and elusive, and thus do each of the adepti have their own unique methods of training.Cloud Retainer espouses the investigative study of underlying laws. Wisdom must first be sought from external sources before insights are verified internally. One must refine oneself from the outside in, aligning inner thoughts with external realities to achieve a state of unity. The purpose of investigation is to explore the principles of all things, and thereby discover the universal truths that lie within. All that is in the world, sentient or not, embodies a set of principles — and only by researching and studying these principles can one understand the laws that all things obey. This is the way of true cultivation.The fruits borne by millennia of such devotion have been great indeed, and naturally it is this wisdom that sets her apart from mortal folk. That they live such short lives seems a great pity to her, for even if it was her desire to do so, she would not have the time to teach these beings the full extent of her wisdom in its purest form. Besides, those with more limited faculties often found it difficult to comprehend such profundity, even with her guidance.But after an intense bout of thinking, something occurred to her.Though mere mortals might have great difficulty apprehending the laws of nature through experience, she herself could invest truths into ingenious devices, and thus enlighten humankind through the medium of mechanics.Firstly, given that the laws of nature are profound and enigmatic, if she could dismantle them into a myriad of smaller principles and spread this knowledge through the world, perhaps this would help humans grasp them better.Secondly, basing production on the principles of mechanics would save an inestimable amount of manpower and resources.If machines could be used to wash clothes, people would no longer have to lie there in their beds listening to the sound of clothes being laundered in the dead of night.And if people could use machines to walk, there'd no longer be such a thing as a long, arduous journey.In the present day, peace prevailed throughout Liyue, and the land no longer relied on her to deliver it from drought by the blessing of a timely rain — nowadays, the people themselves could save their fields through irrigation. The fires of war were all but extinguished, and the people were content, now longing for prosperous lives.In an age like this, upholding contracts and protecting the world was no longer simply a matter of slaying monsters and exorcizing demons. Creating mechanisms to improve people's lives was another equally valid way to achieve the same end.A mortal's life is limited, and expecting them to fully grasp the laws of nature or devote their whole lives to building an enduring legacy was simply unrealistic. But with her help... perhaps creating an earthly paradise wasn't just a pipe dream after all.Though the songs that rang through Jueyun Karst would never be heard again, the laughter that resounded in all corners of the city could still be preserved... That was something she could do, and something she yearned for from the bottom of her heart.Besides, Cloud Retainer truly is passionate about her mechanisms, to the point that she'll often forget to eat and sleep when she's working on a new one, despite how much she loves her fine cuisine.No one knows when it started, but Cloud Retainer's fascination for the study of mechanisms now grips her almost to the point of obsession — something that every single one of her disciples is all too aware of...Jadevoid Friendship Lv. 4
Legend has it that the place where an adeptus resides is known as their Jadevoid. The adeptal abodes tucked away among the peaks of Jueyun Karst are just such places.The word "Jadevoid" originates from a spot among the clouds high above Qingyun Peak which overlooks the world below. This is a place that has rarely been seen by mortal eyes."Jade" refers to the foundation of this place, which was made from a single piece of Plaustrite — hence why it floats above the clouds.The true way is found in emptiness, and thus can be attained by traversing the void. Once, those who sought the path of the adepti had to pass the trials of heaven and earth. This place served as the trial of "heaven."Originally, however, the Jadevoid was not created by the adepti as a test of the spirit. Instead, it was created by Cloud Retainer as a locale for reflection and meditation. It was only later that Moon Carver and Mountain Shaper persuaded her to lend this place for the benefit of those who might come seeking the adeptal path. Hearing that Rex Lapis had given his assent and that Guizhong and Streetward Rambler both agreed as well, Cloud Retainer readily gave up the Jadevoid and had a small pavilion built upon it.Nowadays, few are able to follow the adeptal path, and the Jadevoid — almost nothing now but a legend among mortals — has returned to the care of Cloud Retainer. But today, returning to this place above the clouds, her state of mind has changed.Though the vast sea of clouds and the sight of the sun as it rises and sets are as magnificent as ever, her thoughts have begun to drift off to the lively bustle of the mortal world.Now, she yearns to live alongside the humans under the name of Xianyun."As it just so happens, I'm starting to feel hungry. How about... some of Wanmin Restaurant's delectable Crab Roe Tofu."Vision Friendship Lv. 6
The adepti of Liyue were born amongst the elemental energy that courses between heaven and earth. As pure elemental beings, they are closer to the origin of ultimate truth than ordinary mortals.For Xianyun, channeling elemental power is something that can be done almost subconsciously. She requires the aid of no external focus to do so, let alone a Vision.But now that she's walking the mortal realm in human form, following human rules somehow seems oddly appropriate. To her, using a Vision as a medium to harness elemental power couldn't be easier... so why not?Xianyun certainly does not value the Vision that she wears on her arm in the same way that a mortal would. But carrying it with her led to a discovery.One time, as she was passing through Dihua Marsh, she came upon a farmer. Despite the fact that he was tall and carried a hoe, he was trembling and immobilized with fear in the face of a pair of short, feeble-looking bandits who were threatening him with daggers. Intending to help, Xianyun stepped forward — but seeing that she was a woman and slightly-built to boot, he tried to persuade her to stay out of it so she wouldn't get hurt.But when Xianyun turned to speak to him, he saw her Vision and immediately took her for a chivalrous hero instead. His tone and posture changed in the blink of an eye, and after bidding her join him in driving off the bandits, he charged straight at them. In the end, the hoe-brandishing farmer singlehandedly repelled the two thieves, with Xianyun merely knocking a dagger out of one of their hands. Yet looking at the shining Vision on her arm, the farmer kept exclaiming how much he wished he had one.Of course, the farmer didn't need a Vision — all he really needed was a little courage. But she saw the effect that the Vision had on him, and how his expression changed so completely it was almost as if he had become another person. The profound influence that an external object could exert upon a person became apparent in that instant.For a time, this left her feeling puzzled.Though it may be true that everything in this world possesses its own objective characteristics, but changing how you act towards a person because of an external object... surely that was folly in almost all cases. Known for her candor, she has always been easily moved to commend or scorn, but her judgment was always based on essence rather than appearance.When people are friendly to her, she treats them kindly back; but when they're vile, all she has for them is her contempt. This is how she is when she's Cloud Retainer, so it's how she'll be as the chivalrous hero Xianyun too."Open your eyes and take a look around — I didn't lift a finger. Since you can rely on your own skill to drive away your enemies, you should show some more confidence." Xianyun had said her piece, so with a flick of her sleeve, she was off.With heroism she cleanses the world below, and with wisdom imparts the laws of nature. To this day Xianyun walks the mortal realm still, poised and unaffected.
Namecard


Xianyun: White Clouds




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with XianyunDescription:Those who the truth tell, commuted shall their sentence be. Be honest. When Cloud Retainer asked you, "Do you perceive one as merely some larger bird?", did you also append the thoughts, "Yes, and you talk, and fiddle with funny machines"?

Constellation
Grus SerenaStory Chapter:Grus SerenaMeaning:Serene Crane 
Quests and Events
Archon QuestsChapter IAct I: Of the Land Amidst MonolithsCustodian of CloudsAct III: A New Star ApproachesTurning PointThe Fond FarewellInterlude ChapterAct I: The Crane Returns on the WindSeagaze SunsetWhere the Heart Finds RestStory QuestsGrus Serena Chapter (Xianyun)Act I: A Thousand Moonlit MilesLeisurely ChatterA Search for SecretsLovely DreamsSinae Unicornis Chapter (Ganyu)Act I: Sea of Clouds, Sea of PeopleThe Illuminated Beast of the Sea of CloudsWorld QuestsAn Adeptal SummonsEventsMoonlight MerrimentPart I: One for the Foodies, Two for the ShowPart II: Three to Get Ready, and Here We GoContraption-Contrived Cooking Course: Part IContraption-Contrived Cooking Course: Part IIContraption-Contrived Cooking Course: Part IIIFleeting Colors in FlightSky-Gazers, Land-WalkersThe Stars Inscribe the Year's WishesThe Exquisite Night ChimesPart II: A Single Harmony for an Irreplaceable SoulVibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring BreezePart I: The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present AuspicesThe Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present AuspicesPart II: A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance RevealedA Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance RevealedPart III: The Glede Returns to the PavilionThe Glede Returns to the PavilionWeb EventsThe Great Banquet of the AdeptiTaking Pictures and Recounting Good TimesAdeptus Mechanical MarvelDancing Beasts and Soaring Kites
Character Mentions
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesGamingCharacter Story 5ShenheAs Cloud Retainer:Character DetailsCharacter Story 1Character Story 2Character Story 3White Jade CombYaoyaoAs Cloud Retainer:YueguiVisionCharacter Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversGamingAbout Xianyun Media:VO_Gaming About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Gaming About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO JA_Gaming About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO KO_Gaming About Xianyun.ogg Aunty Xianyun always has my back. Once, she saw that my Wushou head was looking a little worse for wear, and instantly said she could make, like, ten more for me, all twice my size. She was pretty insistent — it took me forever to talk her down to just remodeling the one I already had... And boy, is this an improvement! It looks way more impressive, it's much lighter, and the lion blanket constantly rustles in the air like there's an adeptal wind making it dance. I couldn't be happier with it!GanyuAs Xianyun:About Xianyun Media:VO_Ganyu About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Ganyu About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO JA_Ganyu About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO KO_Ganyu About Xianyun.ogg Cloud Retainer... Oh, I mean, Ms. Xianyun — we went shopping together a while back, but we ended up stopping at every single stall, and she wanted to inspect every item they sold before we could leave. When we finally remembered to get something to eat, it was already dark out. It really reminded me of the time I used to spend training in the mountains with her... Back then, time also seemed to pass in the blink of an eye...As Cloud Retainer:About Shenhe Media:VO_Ganyu About Shenhe.ogg Media:VO ZH_Ganyu About Shenhe.ogg Media:VO JA_Ganyu About Shenhe.ogg Media:VO KO_Ganyu About Shenhe.ogg I actually don't know her all that well — I've only heard bits and pieces from Cloud Retainer. From what I've heard, she can be quite ferocious. Whenever her temper gets the better of her, she is likely to start obliterating her surroundings. I wonder if she's just... bored. Should... Should I recommend some work to keep her occupied?NingguangAbout Xianyun Media:VO_Ningguang About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Ningguang About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO JA_Ningguang About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO KO_Ningguang About Xianyun.ogg I plan to have Lady Xianyun over for a casual conversation over tea in a few days. I happen to have in my possession a number of mechanical devices, and I would be most interested to hear her insights on their design and use. It would also be a fine opportunity to hear about her experiences as an adeptus adapting to a new life in Liyue Harbor. All I require now is a suitable candidate to deliver the invitation to her on my behalf... Would you be interested, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)?ShenheAs Xianyun:About Xianyun Media:VO_Shenhe About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shenhe About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO JA_Shenhe About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO KO_Shenhe About Xianyun.ogg The last time Master and Shuyu came to dine at Wanmin Restaurant, I noticed that Shuyu seemed to have adopted a number of Master's mannerisms. It gave me pause for thought... I grew up under Master's care, too. Is it possible that I have subconsciously picked up a thing or two from her as well...?As Cloud Retainer:When the Wind Is Blowing Media:VO_Shenhe When the Wind Is Blowing.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shenhe When the Wind Is Blowing.ogg Media:VO JA_Shenhe When the Wind Is Blowing.ogg Media:VO KO_Shenhe When the Wind Is Blowing.ogg Yes... This reminds me of Master. She loves to ride the swift winds of Qingyun Peak.About Us: Red Ropes Media:VO_Shenhe About Us - Red Ropes.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shenhe About Us - Red Ropes.ogg Media:VO JA_Shenhe About Us - Red Ropes.ogg Media:VO KO_Shenhe About Us - Red Ropes.ogg My master gave me these red ropes in order to restrain my impulses. But during our journey together, I feel I have finally grasped the key to all of this. Somehow, controlling my strength — knowing when to restrain myself, and when to unleash — it comes more naturally to me now. I think that what saves me from myself is not my red ropes... but you. If you understand what that means to me, please stay by my side.About Ningguang Media:VO_Shenhe About Ningguang.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shenhe About Ningguang.ogg Media:VO JA_Shenhe About Ningguang.ogg Media:VO KO_Shenhe About Ningguang.ogg I have no use for the wealth that ordinary people desire. But in the hands of Lady Ningguang, wealth becomes a means of solving complex issues of the kind that no weapons could ever hope to resolve. She understands the unwritten rules of human society, she knows what's in people's hearts... Master once told me that even the adepti aren't able to achieve this. I hold her and her work in high regard.About Ganyu Media:VO_Shenhe About Ganyu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shenhe About Ganyu.ogg Media:VO JA_Shenhe About Ganyu.ogg Media:VO KO_Shenhe About Ganyu.ogg I've heard many stories about her from my master. She's really quite different from how I originally imagined her... But don't worry, I'll be keeping this to myself. Speaking of Ganyu, her work in Liyue Harbor is unbelievably busy... It seems that there is a price to pay for those who want to integrate into the mortal world.About Zhongli Media:VO_Shenhe About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shenhe About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Shenhe About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Shenhe About Zhongli.ogg That gentleman claims to be a mortal, yet is very familiar with my master, who is an adeptus. Master once said: "If you see him drinking on a stone stool in front of my abode, do not disturb him. Let him sit quietly for a while." And that's precisely what I did.More About Shenhe: V Media:VO_Shenhe More About Shenhe - 05.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shenhe More About Shenhe - 05.ogg Media:VO JA_Shenhe More About Shenhe - 05.ogg Media:VO KO_Shenhe More About Shenhe - 05.ogg Once, I secretly left the mountain and returned to my childhood village without telling my master. But it was deserted, and my father had long since passed away. I suddenly realized that the bond between my relatives and I had been completely severed. And nothing that I'd ever cared about in the past could ever have a future. Ever since then, I have abandoned everything related to the mortal world... That is, until I met you.Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Media:VO_Shenhe Feelings About Ascension -  02.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shenhe Feelings About Ascension -  02.ogg Media:VO JA_Shenhe Feelings About Ascension -  02.ogg Media:VO KO_Shenhe Feelings About Ascension -  02.ogg If my master were to learn about this, she'd probably have me add some more red ropes...YaoyaoAs Xianyun:About Xianyun Media:VO_Yaoyao About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yaoyao About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO JA_Yaoyao About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO KO_Yaoyao About Xianyun.ogg When I went to look for Master the other day, I found her chatting with a very elegant-looking lady. She said her name was "Xianyun," but her hijinks didn't fool me! I could tell it was Aunty Cloud Retainer right away! I mean, Master looked like she was really happy to see her, so how could it be a stranger? Evidently, she was an old friend!As Cloud Retainer:More About Yaoyao: IV Media:VO_Yaoyao More About Yaoyao - 04.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yaoyao More About Yaoyao - 04.ogg Media:VO JA_Yaoyao More About Yaoyao - 04.ogg Media:VO KO_Yaoyao More About Yaoyao - 04.ogg There are adepti everywhere in Liyue. I've met loads of them! Aunty Cloud Retainer, Uncle Mountain Shaper... But Aunty Cloud Retainer's my favorite! She's given me all kinds of adepti gadgets, and taught me all about how to use them. I've learned so much from her!Least Favorite Food Media:VO_Yaoyao Least Favorite Food.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yaoyao Least Favorite Food.ogg Media:VO JA_Yaoyao Least Favorite Food.ogg Media:VO KO_Yaoyao Least Favorite Food.ogg One time, Shenhe ate too many Qingxin in one go and she was sick for days! And that's why I've got to take care of myself and not eat raw Qingxin. Hmm? How did I know about that? Aunty Cloud Retainer told me!ZhongliAbout Xianyun Media:VO_Zhongli About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO ZH_Zhongli About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO JA_Zhongli About Xianyun.ogg Media:VO KO_Zhongli About Xianyun.ogg I hear many merchants of Liyue tell tales of a Ms. Xianyun. By most accounts, she appears proud and taciturn upon first glance, yet in conversation, people find her to be forthright and fair-minded, and they are pleased to make her acquaintance. I am glad to hear this. But... I have also heard a great many accounts lauding her readiness to part with large sums of Mora...MailsSenderMailsShenheAs Cloud Retainer:Birth Date... (Birthday Mail)Longevity... (Birthday Mail)XiaoAs Cloud Retainer:If You Have Time... (Birthday Mail)YaoyaoEverything's Ready, Except... (Birthday Mail)
Trivia
Xianyun is the third character to be able to perform an elemental skill mid-air, after Xiao and Kaedehara Kazuha.
However, unlike them, Xianyun can only perform an elemental skill mid-air while in the Cloud Transmogrification state, which can only be entered when her elemental skill is used on the ground, thus she cannot use it freely while gliding.
As a Trial Character, Xianyun is one of three playable character who wields a Flagship Event weapon in at least one of her Character Trial iterations (Oathsworn Eye), with the other characters with this distinction being Albedo and Chiori.
Xianyun shares the same Japanese voice actress, Nakatomi Mana (中臣 真菜) [2], with Timmie and Marjorie.
Xianyun shares the same Chinese voice actress, Qin Ziyi (秦紫翼)[2], with Shenhe.
A stone tablet on Mt. Aocang describes Cloud Retainer as follows: "Tranquility of mind and purity of heart — the Free Adeptus, The Unfettered — performs no action and sets no rule. Their presence is beyond mere mortals."
Cloud Retainer is one of Morax's old allies and was friends with the God of Dust, Guizhong, while the latter was still alive.
Cloud Retainer and Guizhong had a shared interest in mechanics and were compatriots and rivals in their research in the subject, though Cloud Retainer privately admitted to herself that Guizhong had superior talent.
In the past, Cloud Retainer preferred to use her human form and was revered as a bold and decisive figure.
Mt. Aocang's isolated pool has a fishing point only because Cloud Retainer personally stocked it with fish, making it more likely that the Traveler would visit.
When convinced enough, Xianyun can be easily swayed into making purchases. No matter small or large the sum is, the final price doesn't seem to be something that Xianyun thinks over first.
Most likely due to taking pride in her talent, Xianyun evidently looks down on inventions made by humans - calling them "crude pieces of mortal machinery" or even "flagrant displays."
Unlike her fellow adeptus Mountain Shaper's domain, which is sealed by a large adeptal talisman, the door to Cloud Retainer's abode is identical to other domains found throughout Teyvat.
Because of her dislike of guests in her abode, the player automatically leaves her home after 120 seconds have passed, compared to the 900 from other domains.
In one of her idle animations, Xianyun can be observed spinning a machine of her own design resembling a popcorn cannon, a 20th century hand cranked device that can create popcorn from pressure generated heat when spun at a high interval.
Cloud Retainer's inventions and other creations include:
Dwelling in the Clouds
Various toys for Ganyu
Cloud Retainer's Damasked Device
Multiple iterations of the Supreme Cuisine Machine
Snowdrift Mechanism
Final touches on the Guizhong Ballista
Bi-Cyclical Thunderflash-Mobile
Suspensus Somnium Mechanism
Bloom Pruners
Floating Toting Device
Despite requesting the Traveler and Paimon to keep her identity as an adeptus a secret as she resides in Liyue Harbor,[3] a good number of people unaffiliated with the adepti is cognizant of her identity, namely Gaming,[4] Ningguang,[5] and Keqing.
Xianyun is known by these aliases or titles:
Cloud Retainer
Clow-Clow (by Kichiboushi)
Illuminated bird (by Paimon)
Master (by her disciples)
Etymology
Xianyun's name, 闲云 Xiányún, "Leisurely Clouds", is a reference to the Chinese phrase 闲云野鹤 xiányún yěhè, lit. "idle clouds and wild cranes," used to describe a leisurely person detached from worldly affairs.
It is also a reference to her full adeptus name, Cloud Retainer (Chinese: 留云借风真君 Liúyún Jièfēng Zhēnjūn, "The Perfected Lord who Retains the Clouds by Borrowing the Wind").
Her title, Passerine Herald (Chinese: 鸾音鹤信 Luányīn Hèxìn, lit. "The Luan's Call, the Crane's Letter"), is a reference to a Tang Dynasty poem by the poet Luo Yin (Chinese: 罗隐). The relevant lines of the poem read:
鸾音鹤信杳难回，凤驾龙车早晚来。Luányīn hèxìn yǎo nán huí, fèng jià lóng chē zǎowǎn lái.The Luan's song and the crane's letter are distant and difficult to respond to, but the phoenix-bearing dragon cart will return eventually.
仙境是谁知处所，人间空自造楼台。Xiānjìng shì shéi zhī chùsuǒ, rénjiān kōngzì zào lóutái.Who can tell the whereabouts of the celestial realm of the xian? Mortals build their own towers in a fleeting world.
Her constellation, Grus Serena, means Serene Crane.
The title "Perfected Lord" (Chinese: 真君 Zhēnjūn) at the end of her adeptus name in Chinese is typically ascribed to the xian (Taoist immortals), whom the adepti are modeled after.
Other Languages
Character Title: Passerine Herald

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishPasserine Herald—Chinese(Simplified)鸾音鹤信Luányīn HèxìnThe Luan's Song, the Crane's LetterChinese(Traditional)鸞音鶴信Luányīn HèxìnJapanese仙鶴の告げる佳音Senkaku no Tsugeru KainThe Good News Borne by the Adeptal CraneKorean소식을 전하는 선학Sosigeul Jeonhaneun SeonhakAdeptal Crane Bearing NewsSpanishLa Grulla EmisariaThe Emissary CraneFrenchHéraldesse passériformePasserine HeraldessRussianВестница небесVestnitsa nebesHeaven's HeraldessThaiปักษาสื่อสวรรค์VietnameseHạc Sứ Cõi TiênCrane Envoy of the Immortal RealmGermanHimmlische AnkündigungIndonesianPasserine Herald—PortugueseMensageira CelestialCelestial MessengerTurkishMüjdeli KanatlarItalianMessaggera gruiformeCrane-shaped Messenger
References

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Xianyun

↑ 2.0 2.1 Discord, Official Genshin Impact Server: Xianyun introduction post (Archived post)

↑ Story Quest, Xianyun, Grus Serena Chapter: Act I - A Thousand Moonlit Miles, Part 3: Lovely Dreams

↑ Event Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze Quest Act: Part II: A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance Revealed

↑ Ningguang's Voice-Over: About Xianyun


Navigation
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
EnglishChineseJapaneseKorean
Contents

1 Story
2 Combat
3 Navigation


Story[]

Title and RequirementsDetails
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Xianyun Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Hello.ogg What? A cursory change in one's appearance, and you barely recognize me? Hah, then let one dispel any doubt — one is in all things unconstrained and unabashed, free to live as one pleases, go where one desires, and journey with whomsoever one wishes. Nevertheless, ahem... In light of one's considerable renown... please call me "Xianyun" in public.
Chat: The Study of MechanismsChat: The Study of MechanismsMedia:VO_Xianyun Chat - The Study of Mechanisms.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Chat_-_The_Study_of_Mechanisms.ogg The secrets of the mechanical arts are too profound to convey in a few simple words... But why must the listener grow weary whenever I begin to divulge them?
Chat: The Mortal WorldChat: The Mortal WorldMedia:VO_Xianyun Chat - The Mortal World.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Chat_-_The_Mortal_World.ogg Peace prevails throughout the land, and all things are made new, as buds in the Spring. This is an auspicious era for humanity.
Chat: Interesting ExperiencesChat: Interesting ExperiencesMedia:VO_Xianyun Chat - Interesting Experiences.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Chat_-_Interesting_Experiences.ogg If you are presently unoccupied, perhaps we could stop awhile at one's abode for some repose and conversation?
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Xianyun When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_When_It_Rains.ogg In this era of fair winds and gentle rains, one needs not marshal the winds to deliver the rainclouds.
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Xianyun When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Ugh, what a dreadful racket...
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Xianyun When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg On this fine day, the view from the heavens must be magnificent... Oh, don't fret, one has no intent to fly off and leave you on your own.
When the Wind Is BlowingWhen the Wind Is BlowingMedia:VO_Xianyun When the Wind Is Blowing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_When_the_Wind_Is_Blowing.ogg Oh, what a soothing wind. Shall one attach some adepti sigils to your person, so that you may join me for a flight in the firmament?
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Xianyun Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Good_Morning.ogg In fact, one awoke quite some time ago, and simply had one's eyes closed in meditation. A most beneficial practice for spiritual cultivation — you might try it for yourself some time.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Xianyun Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Good_Afternoon.ogg Hmm? Spare me that look, is it not your turn to prepare luncheon today?
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Xianyun Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Good_Evening.ogg You wish to attend the night market together? Hah, one shall engage in no such fool's errand. Whatever novelty or knick-knack you desire, one can simply make for you.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Xianyun Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Good_Night.ogg One is still wide awake... *yawn* But you look dead on your feet. Go on, off to bed with you.
About Xianyun: DisciplesAbout Xianyun: DisciplesMedia:VO_Xianyun About Xianyun - Disciples.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Xianyun_-_Disciples.ogg One has always been a staunch defier of convention and expectation, preferring instead the freedom to live life precisely how one pleases. It is only natural for disciples to follow in their master's footsteps. So focused are they on their individual endeavors that they are quite content to go weeks without writing... Lonely? One is most certainly not! Hm... Still, were one to find time to pay them a visit — you don't suppose they would be unduly inconvenienced by one's presence, do you...?
About Xianyun: Cooking Friendship Lv. 4About Xianyun: Cooking Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Xianyun About Xianyun - Cooking.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Xianyun_-_Cooking.ogg To be sure, a Supreme Cuisine Machine is no substitute for a human touch if one wishes to prepare a truly magnificent meal. Nevertheless, using it frees up one's time to work on a new, improved model, which in turn saves more time, and so on and so forth... Hah, there will come a day, once this machine has been iterated to impeccability, that the power to cook all the delicacies known to humankind shall be within one's grasp.
About Us: CompanionsAbout Us: CompanionsMedia:VO_Xianyun About Us - Companions.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Us_-_Companions.ogg One took the liberty of surveying the land from the skies above so as to fashion this route-finding compass for your future traveling convenience. Heh, when have you ever met such a considerate companion as oneself, hmm? ... ...Already intimately acquainted with said terrain, you say? Hmph... Well, be that as it may, human memory is notoriously error-prone. One of these days, you'll get yourself hopelessly lost, and then you shall be thanking one profusely for one's foresight.
About Us: Bonds Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Bonds Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Xianyun About Us - Bonds.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Us_-_Bonds.ogg Despite one's lack of interest in worldly attachments, one is quite conscious indeed of the importance of "bonds." Such a simple word for a thing so profound that it all but defies articulation... Take oneself and those old fossils, for example. Ah, sometimes we go years without meeting, and even then we find no shortage of things to quarrel about at our next reunion. Yet so deep runs our bond that no matter the physical distance between us, one will never feel alone and adrift in this world... One holds you in high esteem, child, and is pleased to count you as a friend. Do you also treasure the bond we share?
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout the Vision Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Xianyun About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_the_Vision.ogg Rex Lapis once said that a Vision is a call to duty — to act as a guardian, watching over humankind, and that whether we choose to withdraw into the mountains or embrace the clamor of the city, we must never shirk that duty. Now, the age of humankind is upon us, but one will continue to cherish this duty long into the future.
Something to ShareSomething to ShareMedia:VO_Xianyun Something to Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Something_to_Share.ogg That mechanical bird of mine is only a prototype. One had aspirations for a much larger model, hollow inside so that it could unfurl into a vehicle with which to embark on sight-seeing journeys with one's old friends... The challenges of powering and operating such a device, however, proved somewhat insurmountable. After all, it required pitch control, the ability to change form, not to mention the safety features... *sigh* If only Guizhong were still here. She, no doubt, would offer many baffling but ingenious solutions to this conundrum.
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Xianyun Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Interesting_Things.ogg Mt. Aocang is an ideal place for spiritual cultivation. It possesses natural beauty beyond compare, and the pure, unalloyed essence of nature flows strong all around. Once upon a time, many curious birds and beasts would gather and watch as one meditated, and very soon the peace and tranquility would be replaced by a chaotic chorus of chirping and screeching... and yet, one never found it offended the ear.
About Ganyu Friendship Lv. 4About Ganyu Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Xianyun About Ganyu.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Ganyu.ogg One once asked Ganyu what she typically works on during her overtime hours. Her response was filled with hideous-sounding words, such as "meeting minutes," "summaries," "annual reports," "financial projections"... Hmph, were she not of qilin blood, and had one not taught to her the secrets of cultivating health, this avalanche of bureaucratic writ would have surely overwhelmed her... When you see her next, would you check that she's been drinking her Qingxin Infusion of Clear Sight on a daily basis?
About Shenhe Friendship Lv. 4 The Crane Returns on the WindAbout Shenhe Friendship Lv. 4 The Crane Returns on the WindMedia:VO_Xianyun About Shenhe.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Shenhe.ogg Shenhe told me that once, when she was delivering an order for Wanmin Restaurant, she ran across the rooftops to save time. Her customer was terrified when she jumped down onto their doorstep, and was about to call for the Millelith... Fortunately, Shenhe disappeared as quickly as she arrived, leaving the food delivery behind and making haste before the customer had time to react. It seems she is growing more proficient at handling crises all the time — one could not be more pleased.
About Zhongli Friendship Lv. 4 A Thousand Moonlit MilesAbout Zhongli Friendship Lv. 4 A Thousand Moonlit MilesMedia:VO_Xianyun About Zhongli.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Zhongli.ogg When Rex Lapis first heard of one's plan to take up residence in Liyue Harbor, he recited a long and detailed list of considerations for the furnishing and adornment of a home. Natural lighting, ventilation, bespoke woodwork, procuring porcelain, placement of plants and flowers... One's mind felt ready to explode from the deluge of information. Do all facets of life in the human world take so much effort?
About Xiao Friendship Lv. 4About Xiao Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Xianyun About Xiao.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Xiao.ogg The Conqueror of Demons is even more withdrawn than oneself — he has been sighted a mere handful of times at social gatherings over the centuries... One was interested to learn that you are on rather good terms with him — what sort of conversations do the two of you tend to have? Oh, and do let me know when you next plan to see him. Perhaps one could make some tofu pudding for you to pass on to him.
About Hu Tao Friendship Lv. 4About Hu Tao Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Xianyun About Hu Tao.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Hu_Tao.ogg That young lady says the most bizarre-sounding things, yet she appears to be rather highly regarded by the staff of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor — even Rex Lapis himself saw fit to serve under her in some sort of "consultancy" capacity... Allegedly, she is similarly peculiar when it comes to her taste in food. One must admit, one finds eccentrics like her rather intriguing.
About Xiangling Friendship Lv. 4About Xiangling Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Xianyun About Xiangling.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Xiangling.ogg One happened to mention the Supreme Cuisine Machine in conversation with Xiangling once, but one was rather taken aback when she responded by saying that a dish is inauthentic unless it is prepared by hand... Hmph, are one's devices not also the work of one's hands? Inauthentic indeed... A contest is in order! ...Although, her mastery of Liyue cuisine is indeed impressive... Yes — the contest shall have to wait until one has made a few improvements to the device...
About Ningguang Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Ningguang Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Xianyun About Ningguang.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Ningguang.ogg The Tianquan conducts her business with great adroitness, and is meticulous in her speech. Hmph, one must admit that Liyue is thriving under the governance of the Qixing. One has been observing her closely in the hope of discovering her secret... Ahem, that was for your ears only — please do not relay it to her.
About Keqing Friendship Lv. 4About Keqing Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Xianyun About Keqing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Keqing.ogg Keqing is a thoughtful child. She visits me on behalf of the Qixing every festival without fail, and always brings a gift. With such a capable and considerate colleague by her side, perhaps one needn't worry too much about Ganyu...
About Yun Jin Friendship Lv. 4 The Crane Returns on the WindAbout Yun Jin Friendship Lv. 4 The Crane Returns on the WindMedia:VO_Xianyun About Yun Jin.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Yun_Jin.ogg There are many Liyue operas adapted from stories about the adepti, including some based on one's own life and exploits... One has never watched those, of course — what could be more embarrassing than watching someone else play oneself on the stage? One would, however, be interested to evaluate how well Yun Jin did in her adaptation of Shenhe's story, when one has time to go and see it.
About Yaoyao Friendship Lv. 4About Yaoyao Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Xianyun About Yaoyao.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Yaoyao.ogg Yaoyao once pinched my glasses from my face and tried them on for herself — she found it terribly entertaining, and couldn't stop giggling... Ah, children are able to find all sorts of ways to amuse themselves.
About Gaming Friendship Lv. 4About Gaming Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Xianyun About Gaming.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_About_Gaming.ogg One is very fond of Gaming. He is good-hearted and entertaining in conversation, but never grandiloquent. We first met when one was resting by a lake, and he very kindly shared some of his provisions with me. Later, he commented that one seemed to be a wise elder, worthier of respect than even the adepti themselves... Hehe, this wise elder will be sure to look out for him after that.
More About Xianyun: IMore About Xianyun: IMedia:VO_Xianyun More About Xianyun - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_More_About_Xianyun_-_01.ogg You wish to know more about one's past? ...One doubts there would be much worth sharing — it's all ancient history by now. One is more interested to hear about your travels to the far-flung corners of the world... What forms do the gods and immortals of other nations take? Are there any of them as amenable to conversation as oneself? Let us brew some tea, and then you can tell me all about it.
More About Xianyun: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Xianyun: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Xianyun More About Xianyun - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_More_About_Xianyun_-_02.ogg There was a time when many mortals longed to seek the guidance of the adepti. One knows not how they discovered the location of one's abode, but every other day or so, one would find people leaving offerings of food at the altar on Mt. Aocang... Hmph, why ever would mortals expect an adeptus to interrupt their meditation for the sake of ingesting a mortal meal? Most bemusing. Nevertheless, since their actions were heartfelt, one saw only fit to indulge in— Ahem, to embrace their offerings once they had departed.
More About Xianyun: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Xianyun: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Xianyun More About Xianyun - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_More_About_Xianyun_-_03.ogg Then there were those who came right to one's doorstep, requesting to be taken on as disciples. One refused to grant them an audience, but they simply would not leave, and before long, Mt. Aocang had become something of a pilgrims' campsite... One promptly posted a sign outside the abode, decreeing that all would-be disciples must first present ninety-nine dishes over a period of as many days, each dish unique in its recipe and featuring the Qingxin as the main ingredient... Naturally, the crowd soon dispersed. Hmph, to master the adepti arts and the mechanical arts requires supreme talent and the utmost stillness of mind. Training would be a futile endeavor for those who cannot even persevere for a mere three months.
More About Xianyun: IV Friendship Lv. 5More About Xianyun: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Xianyun More About Xianyun - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_More_About_Xianyun_-_04.ogg For all the wondrous feats that can be accomplished by one who has mastered the mechanical arts, one often uses it for purely recreational purposes. There was one year when it snowed heavily in Liyue, and Mt. Aocang was covered in several feet of snow. Seeing everyone cooped up in their abodes with nothing to do, one created a Snowdrift Mechanism for skiing on the mountains. One was having a tremendous time of it along with Guizhong and Streetward Rambler... until, of course, Moon Carver noticed as much and decided to join in. Moments later, he had managed to send the mechanism flying off the rails and plummeted deep into a snow bank. It took us hours to dig him out... Later, one introduced a great many safety features to the mechanism, to the point where it could be safely piloted by even a three-year-old child. Although this did entail a compromise on the top speed of the vehicle.
More About Xianyun: V Friendship Lv. 6 A Thousand Moonlit MilesMore About Xianyun: V Friendship Lv. 6 A Thousand Moonlit MilesMedia:VO_Xianyun More About Xianyun - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_More_About_Xianyun_-_05.ogg One has read a great many works of popular literature since moving to Liyue Harbor. Those of the chivalric martial arts genre have proven the most entertaining, although the heroes within their pages are all works of the imagination. Would it not be even more compelling to tell the stories of the many such real-life figures with whom one is acquainted? It is a pity that one's disciples are so averse to one sharing the tales of their lives with other people... Perhaps you could relay more of the tales from your travels? One could adapt those into a novel instead.
Xianyun's HobbiesXianyun's HobbiesMedia:VO_Xianyun Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Hobbies.ogg When idle and in need of diversion, basking in the winds that travel through the mountains always calms the mind.
Xianyun's Troubles A Thousand Moonlit MilesXianyun's Troubles A Thousand Moonlit MilesMedia:VO_Xianyun Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Troubles.ogg Since moving to Liyue Harbor, one has had an endless procession of old friends and new arriving at one's doorstep, either to visit or to invite one out for meals. If this continues, one may soon be running short on Mora...
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Xianyun Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Favorite_Food.ogg Eating together with friends always leaves a pleasant taste in the mouth, regardless of what food was consumed.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Xianyun Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg An adeptus devotes themselves to spiritual cultivation, to which end the delicacies of the mortal realm are not necessary. When one eats such things, it is not for nourishment, but to enjoy the flavor... So, if you prepare a dish and it does not taste exquisite even to yourself, you may spare yourself the courtesy of offering to share it with me — in fact, you might find you are better off leaving the cooking to me to begin with...
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Xianyun Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg A paragon of both freshness and flavor... Tell me, for how long have you been surreptitiously studying one's culinary secrets?
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Xianyun Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg The flavor is secondary — what matters is that you felt the inclination to cook for me at all. I commend your consideration.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Xianyun Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg One's supreme cuisine machine has been lying idle as of late. You are welcome to borrow it.
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Xianyun Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Birthday.ogg Here, open this wooden box. It's a miniature mechanical person for your recreational enjoyment. Try playing with it. Observe — if you clap the hands like this, the lotus petals open, the colored lights turn on one set at a time, and then a melody plays. It is that birthday tune that the young and hip of this generation enjoy so much. Certain to add a touch of merriment and levity to your birthday feast... Have a wonderful day.
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Xianyun Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg Given that one spends so much time indoors, it is rather nice to perform a little exercise once in a while.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Xianyun Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg Some of these adeptal arts one has not employed in many years... Inevitably, one is a little unpracticed.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Xianyun Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg Dear me, that expectant look on your face... *sigh* Very well. One shall have to employ one's abilities to a fuller extent from now on.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Xianyun Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg It is through our journey in this world that we gain experience. Power is not everything — the skills of communication are more important. If you have time, let us find a place with a pleasant view where we can admire the scenery, converse, slow down our pace, and simply enjoy being alive.
Combat[]
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Xianyun Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Huh!Media:VO Xianyun Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Skyward!Media:VO Xianyun Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Scatter!Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Xianyun Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Seize the skies.Media:VO Xianyun Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Make way for the adeptus!Media:VO Xianyun Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Stray clouds, converge.Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Xianyun Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndXianyun does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Xianyun Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Xianyun Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg These could be salvaged for parts.Media:VO Xianyun Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg What trinkets have we here? Present them for one's perusal.Media:VO Xianyun Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Perhaps one should invent some form of "Curio Discernment Mechanism."Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Xianyun Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Low_HP_01.ogg The audacity!Media:VO Xianyun Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Low_HP_02.ogg This one is no weakling.Media:VO Xianyun Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Low_HP_03.ogg One shall not back down!Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Xianyun Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Be wise to your limits.Media:VO Xianyun Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg You should've called on one.FallenFallenMedia:VO Xianyun Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Fallen_01.ogg Doesn't count... I hadn't eaten...Media:VO Xianyun Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Fallen_02.ogg Fiddlesticks...Media:VO Xianyun Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Fallen_03.ogg Wait, my mechanical masterwork...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Xianyun Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Xianyun Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Derivative.Media:VO Xianyun Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Inconsequential.Media:VO Xianyun Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Xianyun Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Joining_Party_01.ogg My contraptions are calibrated. We may now depart.Media:VO Xianyun Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Joining_Party_02.ogg I trust you have packed ample foodstuffs?Media:VO Xianyun Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Joining_Party_03.ogg One is fast on one's feet — try to keep pace.Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Media:VO Xianyun Standby 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Standby_01.ogg Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Xianyun Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Xianyun Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Xianyun Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Xianyun Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Xianyun Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Xianyun Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Xianyun Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Xianyun_Jumping_05.ogg 
Navigation[]
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.







OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery


Xianyun










Category
Companion Companion


Quality





Adeptal Energy
Load 


300
1200 




Adeptal Energy per Load 


0.25









								Description
							





Character In-Residence





Xianyun can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining her and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.

Contents

1 Favorite Furnishing Sets
2 Idle Quotes
3 Dialogue
4 Special Dialogue

4.1 Qingce Cloud Residence
4.2 Gathering of Gourmets


5 Change History
6 Navigation


Favorite Furnishing Sets[]
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.

Xianyun has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsGathering of Gourmets 20 2 20,000Qingce Cloud Residence 20 1 20,000
Idle Quotes[]

 Mechanics...
 Delicacies, you say?
 One's disciples...
 None for a chat...
 Ah, unfettered comfort!
(When the player is nearby)
 A pleasant sight...
 One perceives that...

Dialogue[]

Media:vo xianyun mimitomo hello 01.ogg Xianyun: This realm offers pleasing scenery, a state of quietude, and excellent amenities. Very suitable for those who wish to study the art of mechanics in peace.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo hello 02.ogg Xianyun: Were you perchance inspired by one's own abode?
 How do you like it here?
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Xianyun: It brims with adeptal energy, the views are expansive... Yes, it is most to one's liking.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Xianyun: Speaking of adeptal energy... mortals cannot wield the power of Sub-Space Creation with which this abode was made. Whence did you procure this treasure?
 It was a gift from Madame Ping.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Xianyun: Ah, I see.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Xianyun: Streetward Rambler has always been fond of natural scenery, and often laments its transient nature, for the most pleasant sights tend to disappear with the change of seasons...
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Xianyun: Small wonder, then, that she utilized the power of Sub-Space Creation to preserve her favorite sights within this teapot.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Xianyun: Yet it is you, through your furnishing endeavors, who have transformed this sub-space into the most homely of lodgings.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Xianyun: The next time one feels reticent to seek sustenance in the outdoors... perhaps one shall invite oneself over for dinner.
 You're always welcome.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 08a 1.ogg Xianyun: Oh? You accept the idea with such alacrity...
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 08a 2.ogg Xianyun: Then it is settled. One looks forward to your cooking.
 I'm not always in the mood to cook...
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 08b 1.ogg Xianyun: Well then, since one presumed to issue one's own invitation, you may leave the cooking to one's new and improved Supreme Cuisine Machine.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 08b 2.ogg Xianyun: We can eat anything that you desire. Whatever your imagination can conjure, one's machine can surely cook.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Xianyun: Oh? Most appealing. One does have a formidable aptitude for conversation.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Xianyun: However, one is currently preoccupied with a technical conundrum of great importance... We may need to postpone any idle colloquy for later.
 What sort of technical conundrum is this?
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Xianyun: One once developed a supreme housekeeping machine to perform domestic chores such as sweeping and tidying.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Xianyun: To enhance its functionality, one added a sound response module so that it could be operated with voice commands.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Xianyun: However, the module is flawed. For instance, if one is too far away from the machine, it cannot detect the audio signal, and thus cannot be remotely operated...
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Xianyun: ...Do you have any suggestions on how to resolve this problem?
 Just yell a little louder?
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Xianyun: Hmm... A viable solution, technically speaking, although a little inelegant.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Xianyun: However... yes... Your suggestion has pointed one towards yet another solution. One simply needs to fashion... a sound amplification machine.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Xianyun: With just a little adeptal energy, such a device could amplify sounds from hundreds of miles away, then pass the relevant commands to other audio-activated mechanisms... One shall have full command over one's contraptions without the need to move a muscle. Glorious!
 Adeptal energy makes everything so much easier...
 Is there any problem that mechanics can't solve?
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Xianyun: ...Very well, we may consider this conundrum resolved. Now, back to our conversation.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg Xianyun: When you said that you wanted to have a "chat," did you mean that you would like for one to tell you a story?
 Yup! I'll make us some tea.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 12a.ogg Xianyun: Oh, you are a good child. Yes, with some fine tea to soothe the throat, one shall be able to talk far more fluidly.
 Yup! I'm sure you have some cool stories.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 12b.ogg Xianyun: No, not "some"... All of one's stories should qualify as "cool."
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg Xianyun: Nevertheless... Ahem, one ought to refrain from sharing certain stories with you until having sought permission from some old friends.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg Xianyun: The girls whom you already know quite well, for instance... *sigh* To utter but a word about their childhoods is to hazard their faces scrunching up as if they had bitten into a sour lemon...
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg Xianyun: Truly, one is most at ease when speaking with you. Still... you have spoken little of the things you and Paimon have experience in the past.
 Uhh, I just remembered that I've got something to do...
 Wait here a sec, I'll go get that tea!
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg Xianyun: Hmph... The ruse is quite unnecessary. If there are things you do not wish to speak of, so be it — one shall enquire no further.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg Xianyun: Go. We may pick up this conversation again when you feel more comfortable telling your story. Whatever you share, one vows to never tell a soul.
(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
 Anything you want to do?
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Xianyun: No, in fact, nothing in particular... Mortals are wont to rush from one endeavor to the next, but this is because their lifespan is short. They fear being left behind by their peers if they waste but a little of the time they have.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Xianyun: One... has never felt that kind of distress.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Xianyun: By nature, adepti are not part of the human world. For us, centuries can pass by in a flash. Not to mention that one prefers to focus single mindedly on the study of mechanisms, and tends to not to be distracted by worldly attachments.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Xianyun: Except, perhaps... Hmm, yes... The exception would be one's disciples... One cares for them as if they were one's own children.
 Then, uh... Why don't we just... chill out and relax?
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Xianyun: Hehe... Now that is another of one's areas of expertise.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Xianyun: Very well. In that case, allow one to share with you some rather novel means of relaxation.
 You mean... there's an art to it?
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Xianyun: There is indeed. One has quite the compilation of methods right here. Behold:
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Xianyun: "Play mahjong with strangers," "Go to Mt. Hulao to knock on some amber"... Whenever one feels in need of relaxation, one simply draws at random from this collection.
 Sounds like an odd lottery you have going there...
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 09a.ogg Xianyun: And what, pray tell, is wrong with a little oddity in service of relaxation and fun?
 I've already done quite a few of these things.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 09b.ogg Xianyun: Oh? Would you care to share your thoughts on the experience? One is quite curious.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Xianyun: And of course, if you have other suggestions on novel ways to relax, one is all ears.
 For today... I just want to zone out.
 For today... I just want to not think about anything.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg Xianyun: Hmm, there is certainly merit to simply letting the mind wander freely. In idleness, we often find sparks of inspiration that might otherwise go unnoticed.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg Xianyun: Still, one is at something of a loss regarding where to best partake in such an activity within this teapot...
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg Xianyun: You can change the scenery here at will to suit your mood, correct? Then perhaps... could you craft a likeness of Jueyun Karst?
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg Xianyun: ...No, on second thought, save yourself the trouble. Let us pay a visit to the real Jueyun Karst. Would you care to soar the skies by one's side? One could easily make that happen with one's mastery over wind and cloud.
 Sounds good to me.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg Xianyun: Then it is decided. One needs just a moment to make a plan and retrieve a mechanism or two, and then we shall be on our way!
(Between 6:00 and 19:00)
 Good morning, Xianyun.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo morning 01.ogg Xianyun: Good morning. I see you are a fellow early riser.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo morning 02.ogg Xianyun: Is this because a hero's work never ends? Or are you simply hungry for breakfast? In either case, be sure to wrap up warm. We don't want you catching a cold.
(Between 19:00 and 6:00)
 Good night, Xianyun.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo night 01.ogg Xianyun: Good night. The tranquility here in the hours after dark provides an ideal opportunity to focus on mechanical studies.
Media:vo xianyun mimitomo night 02.ogg Xianyun: You also have an interest in mechanics? Well then, do you wish to be one's assistant for the evening?

Special Dialogue[]
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.

Qingce Cloud Residence[]

Media:vo mimitomo ly xianyun village 01.ogg Xianyun: Oh? What a quiet and tranquil spot, and it's modeled after a human village...
Media:vo mimitomo ly xianyun village 02.ogg Xianyun: A perfect place to sit and meditate...
Media:vo mimitomo ly xianyun village 03.ogg Xianyun: How did you... Hmph, clearly you somehow found out that one has been tinkering away with one's mechanisms and getting no sleep during the nights...

Gathering of Gourmets[]

Media:vo mimitomo ly xianyun restaurant 01.ogg Xianyun: You brought me all the way out here just to show me the food stalls? Well, this was most unnecessary. These recipes look quite elementary — one could just as easily make them in the comfort of one's own home.
Media:vo mimitomo ly xianyun restaurant 02.ogg Xianyun: Hmm? Oh my, that wonderful aroma...
Media:vo mimitomo ly xianyun restaurant 03.ogg Xianyun: Ahem... Well, since we're already here, we might as well take a seat and order some delicacies!

Change History[]
Released in Version 4.4[Create New History]
Navigation[]
  Living Beings
 Companions5★

4★

Paimon



 AnimalsCreatures






