


OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
The General Mahamatra of the Akademiya, leader of all the Matras. He has a unique sense of humor that never fails to leave a deep impression.—Description from the Official Website[1]
Contents

1 Personality
2 Appearance

2.1 Manga


3 Official Introduction
4 Character Stories

4.1 Character Details
4.2 Character Story 1
4.3 Character Story 2
4.4 Character Story 3
4.5 Character Story 4
4.6 Character Story 5
4.7 Cyno's Genius Invokation TCG Deck Box
4.8 Vision


5 Namecard
6 Constellation
7 Quests and Events

7.1 Archon Quests
7.2 Story Quests

7.2.1 Hangout Events


7.3 World Quests
7.4 Events
7.5 Web Events


8 Character Trials

8.1 Quests
8.2 Quest Domains
8.3 Events
8.4 Test Run Events


9 Character Mentions

9.1 Character Stories
9.2 Character Voice-Overs
9.3 Mails


10 Mail
11 Other Appearances

11.1 Manga


12 Trivia

12.1 Etymology


13 Other Languages

13.1 Character Title: Judicator of Secrets


14 References
15 Navigation


Personality
The General Mahamatra in charge of supervising the researchers of the Akademiya. It is said that when he gets down to work, the General Mahamatra is even more sufficient than the "Great Vayuvyastra" made by the Kshahrewar.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Cyno is a curt, stoic and generally emotionless young man with a ruthlessness and vicious approach to his duty as a matra that make him intimidating and unapproachable. He cares little for niceties or social gatherings and is known throughout Sumeru for his ruthless efficiency at upholding the law.
Despite his young age, Cyno holds the position of General Mahamatra in the Akademiya and takes his position seriously. Cyno is extremely dedicated to upholding the Akademiya's rules and punishing any transgressions, to such an extent that even the sages of the Akademiya (ostensibly his superiors) are wary of him. Notoriously, Cyno will relentlessly pursue any individuals that try to flee his judgment, even across the desert — a trait that, in combination with his prowess as a hunter and warrior, makes escaping from Cyno nigh impossible. Due to this, Cyno's name is infamous within Sumeru and many scholars fear the prospect of ever meeting him, despite the fact that he only handles cases of significant interest.
Notably, Cyno idolizes "justice" above all; though this predominantly manifests in his pursuit of suspected criminals, Cyno will also protect criminals from any danger that arises during their escape attempts until they can, in his view, be properly judged by the Akademiya. Although he is often viewed by the Akademiya's scholars as an obstacle or a threat to their research (complaints to which Cyno is indifferent), Cyno views his role as that of a protector, preventing seekers of knowledge from being led astray and becoming dangers to both themselves and the world. However his being blessed with an Electro Vision suggests that his view of justice is closer to a desire to preserve the law, which he holds as eternal, rather than being interested in justice in and of itself.
Despite his seriousness in academics and work-related matters, Cyno is fairly relaxed outside of Akademiya duties, being an avid fan of Genius Invokation TCG. He shows concern for Collei, frequently visiting her when he has the time to ensure that she's doing well, as well as harboring friendships with Tighnari, Alhaitham and Kaveh. Despite his intentions to put people at ease, he maintains his emotionless, harsh attitude in most situations, even outside of work. Aware that his reputation as General Mahamatra often intimidates those around him (even his fellow Matras), Cyno tells jokes as a way to help people relax around him, though his jokes are generally unfunny and his long-winded attempts to explain them even more so.
Cyno also confesses to a fondness for the desert from which he hails, finding himself most at ease there and often taking nighttime strolls there to help himself relax.

Appearance
See also: Heart of the Scales
Cyno uses the medium male model. He has tan skin, red-orange eyes, and medium-length gray hair.

Manga
Cyno is depicted wearing a large, black cape including a hood with what looks like jackal ears sewn on it. His cape seems to take inspiration from Northern Africa, showing some similarities with the large capes worn in the Sahara in order to avoid the heat, and to stay protected during sandstorms.

Official Introduction
The law is just, and there is no escape for the guilty
Many researchers at the Akademiya fear that the General Mahamatra will interfere with their research. However, it seems that they are worrying about nothing. Most of them do not produce results worthy of his visit.—A reply given by Forest Watcher Tighnari when Collei asked a question about the General Mahamatra.
If an Akademiya researcher is required to have a formal meeting with the General Mahamatra, Cyno, it usually does not bode well.
In general, a personal visit from Cyno implies that these researchers are perpetrators of serious academic offences: plagiarism, bribery, academic fraud, false declarations, misappropriation of funds, malicious competition, appropriation of someone else's dissertations, and more... The only thing left for these researchers to do is to follow the General Mahamatra and face disciplinary action.
But these researchers will not accept their sentence so easily.
Most of them try to bribe the General Mahamatra with Mora. These "wealthy people" will then be punished even more severely. Meanwhile, some choose to use force in an irrational act of recalcitrance... After paying the price for their defiance, they are subjected to a harsher sentence.
Others, at their wits' end, even feign madness, claiming memory loss or pleading insanity in a desperate attempt to escape punishment.
However, General Mahamatra Cyno has unfailing patience when dealing with these people. In his own words:
"As a Matra, it is one of my duties to help people 'remember' the mistakes they have made."

Character Stories
Character Details
As the leader of all Matra, General Mahamatra Cyno is well known to everyone in the Akademiya.His duties are to arrest those who violate the Akademiya's rules and regulations, terminate illegal studies, and uphold discipline of the Akademiya. Nevertheless, researchers feel that this General Mahamatra does nothing but undermine academic progress and prohibit scientific research. Some even claim that he is "cutting off the path to knowledge" and can be seen as a dire threat to any researcher eager to seek knowledge...Over time, researchers have come to shrink away from Cyno in silence whenever they so much as see him, wanting to have nothing to do with him.But the General Mahamatra is hardly bothered by such things.If this exaggerated public image can really deter some researchers, that will in no way be an inconvenience for his work.Plus, in the words of that Forest Watcher friend of his,"The research conducted by most researchers is nowhere significant enough to result in a talk with a Matra."Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
Wisdom can bring enlightenment to scholars, but can also lead to utter arrogance.In the history of the Akademiya, many researchers have used their "wisdom" to commit crimes.For example, in order to test the limit of the Specters' body inflation, one Amurta researcher adopted an illegal catalyst and created a mega-sized Specter, which later exploded during the experiment and leveled the entire research center. Then, there was a researcher from Spantamad who had aimed to test a Ruin Guard's ability to cultivate fields, but lost control of the modified machine, resulting in the ruin of many farmlands and grave injuries for several farmers. There have also been numerous criminal cases concerning academic fraud and the abuse of intelligence for personal gain...Such researchers, who do not abide by the law and pose dangers to others, will all be pursued and judged by the Matra led by Cyno.When they stand before the Matra, these researchers will almost always spare no effort to justify themselves. Their reasons have included but are not limited to suddenly cut funds, the Akademiya's favoritism towards other researchers, the results of their work being stolen... Some may even accuse the Matra of stopping them from completing their research out of jealousy of their talents.Cyno's response to such sophistry is always to stay silent and press forward in subduing all those garrulous criminals and sending them to trial.Those who violate the rules can always come up with a million excuses. However, only one ending awaits them.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
The name of the General Mahamatra has traveled well beyond the Akademiya's walls.According to a Forest Watcher in the Avidya Forest, he once caught a glimpse of this General Mahamatra quietly traveling through the woods in the middle of the night. A person living on the outskirts of Apam Woods can still clearly remember how a white-haired teenager asked them for a bowl of water, before venturing deep into the forest alone with just a traveling pack on his back. Adventurers resting in Sobek Oasis claim to have given directions to Cyno, though the area he was heading to had been packed with monsters. Even the proudest mercenaries and Treasure Hoarders in the Great Red Sand dare not make things difficult for the General Mahamatra, having learned this lesson well from the example of a mercenary group that was annihilated in the desert for sheltering wanted researchers.However, for those criminals who have fallen into the hands of Cyno, their reverence for the General Mahamatra usually comes from another aspect of his character.When escaping from the Akademiya, criminals tend to flee in an extreme panic, and can sometimes stray into perilous places. Yet, instead of letting them suffer the consequences, Cyno will come to their rescue without hesitation, just so that he can bring them back to the Akademiya to face their proper punishment.Once, a criminal who had crossed the Great Red Sand with Cyno asked him about the point of doing all this. Cyno replied,"Only the law can judge you, and my role here is to bring you to face the scales."After being released from prison, the researcher, who had been a Vahumana graduate, turned their adventures returning to the Akademiya into a novel titled "The Goon," which remains a bestseller in the Akademiya. The researcher was even invited by Vahumana to give a lecture, during which they went into great detail about the portrayal of "justice" in the book.If you ask Cyno, however, he would say that certain parts of the book were heavily exaggerated. In truth, they did not encounter any monsters created by the descendants of King Deshret, nor did they stray into a living labyrinth at the bottom of the desert or survive a sandstorm in the folds of a humongous sandworm.Nevertheless, Cyno did appreciate the candidness with which the author described their own crimes, and would like to remind them to not commit such crimes ever again.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
In the Akademiya, the mere mention of the Matra's office can make any researcher's heart seize up.Apart from the renowned "evil deeds" of the Matra, what disturbs them even more is how creepy, dry laughter can be heard from the office whenever Cyno walks in...Researchers firmly believe that this must be the Matra's way of expressing smug satisfaction at the sight of Cyno passing judgment on some hapless researcher.But only the Matra know that the laughter is a response to Cyno's unique sense of humor."I once worked on a case where the researcher involved was under great pressure because his paper had been rejected multiple times at the review stage. He eventually rammed it through by successfully bribing the members of his review committee. However, the data in that paper was so wrong that it didn't even take long to be exposed as academic fraud. When I went to arrest this researcher, he asked me 'what have I done wrong?'..."After a pause, Cyno continued,"I answered, 'Your paper.'"Seeing the Matra all sit there in silence, Cyno seemed to be worried that they did not get the joke, so he went on to explain it with a serious expression,"You see, the interesting part of this story lies in how, when he asked me what he had done wrong, he expected me to say that his fault lay with his bribing of the committee due to academic pressure, yet I told him that his error was in not reaching the correct conclusions in his paper. The clever part about this joke is that I changed the subject that was being discussed..."After he finished explaining, the Matra all exchanged looks before letting out a few dry, strangled laughs in concert...The awkward laughter lent a strange sense of human warmth then to the often somber and solemn Matra office.However, to prevent such an awkward situation from ever happening again, the Matra gradually came to a consensus that after Cyno finishes telling a joke, everyone in the room must force out a laugh or two in response so that he will not start explaining it.On the other hand, any Matra who attempts to imitate Cyno's style will be harshly punished by the others through extreme means such as confiscating their canteen meal tickets.After all, one Cyno is enough for the whole division.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
Cyno has always believed that the Matra are not the enemies of those who seek knowledge.Cyrus, a scholar who tutored Cyno before, once told him that without the Akademiya's laws, "wisdom" will soon turn into "calamity."These floating scraps of out-of-control "wisdom" are like bait on a sea of ignorance, luring innocent knowledge seekers into the abyss.They will make researchers far too arrogant and reckless, to the point where they may even attempt to tamper with life and death due to their lack of respect for human life. Eventually, they shall cause irreparable damage to the world.The sages keep introducing new rules and regulations precisely to ensure that the knowledge seekers of the Akademiya will not be misled and go astray because of such bait.The Matra who hunt down those who violate the law and judge them according to those same laws are in fact the "guardians" of all those who seek knowledge in the Akademiya.However, in the eyes of researchers, they are but a bunch of "demolishers" who constantly, violently cut off their paths to knowledge."Dumb humanoid Fungi," "Mr. You-Can't-Do-This," "Paper Shredders"... These are all nicknames they have come up with for the Matra.Among them, the most notorious one is "the Akademiya's Sumpter Beasts," a name coined by a Haravatat researcher.When they first heard of this nickname, most of the Matra were rather enraged, reckoning that the researchers thought too little of their hard work.On the contrary, Cyno noted that he actually fancied it quite a bit."We Matra are indeed Sumpter Beasts who walk the Akademiya's halls, carrying the rules and regulations on our backs.""When exercising our rights, each of us must always keep that weight in mind."After pondering the matter for a while, this General Mahamatra added,"Plus, we could stand to be more like Sumpter Beasts in avoiding pointless arguments and focusing on, ahem, getting to our desired destination."Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6
When the Akademiya was first established, its researchers wielded their boundless imagination and innovation to the fullest with the abundant resources available at their beck and call.They had reshaped terrain, controlled the weather, recreated ancient relics... But when the knowledge of the earth could no longer satisfy their insatiable curiosity, some researchers turned their focus to the starry skies, whereas some others attempted to tamper with life and death.However, these kinds of knowledge were not things they should or could have touched upon.To prevent researchers from being devastated by their own knowledge, the sages laid out six cardinal sins.They held that all the crimes in this world derive from these six sins.The first is to interfere with human evolution;The second is to tamper with life and death;The third is to delve beyond the universe;The fourth is to investigate the origin of words;The fifth is to revere gods without acts of devotion;The sixth is to attempt the forbidden and fear none.Since then, the sages have been introducing new rules and regulations according to these six deadly sins while amending and revising old ones. The Matra enforce the laws, and the researchers perform their roles accordingly as well.In this way, everything in the Akademiya functions in a desirable manner, and the Akademiya and its researchers have been marching forward with thriving clarity of wisdom ever since.As time has passed, the six ancient sins seem to have been forgotten by most, and ambitious people have been on the move since...However, for Cyno, the current General Mahamatra, what he ought to do has not changed.He will, according to the six ancient deadly sins, justly judge all the lawbreakers.Even sages shall not be exempt.Cyno's Genius Invokation TCG Deck Box Friendship Lv. 4
This deck box, which contains Cyno's Genius Invokation TCG deck, is his favorite physical possession.The exterior of this deck box is wrapped with multiple layers of high-quality leather, and every seam has been carefully handled. As long as the rope fixed on the leather remains tightly tied, the entire deck box will be completely sealed, and not even a drop of water can get through. The interior is padded with silk, which can minimize the bending of card corners. According to the shop owner, the silk used was all imported from Liyue and made from top-quality Silk Flowers. This deck box even comes with a tough leather strap, so the buyer can easily affix the box to any part of their body. The surface of the deck box is even engraved with the Genius Invokation TCG emblem and the name of one who purchased it.Cyno has put his strongest deck in this box. He believes that as long as he gets to duel with this deck, he will be nothing short of invincible.Of course, the next thing to do is to find a couple players who are willing to play against him.Hmm... Would that Forest Watcher be available at the moment?Vision Friendship Lv. 6
When it comes to how Cyno got his Vision, many versions of the story can be found circulating in the Akademiya.Some say that he was once instructed to arrest a researcher who had been studying methods of making counterfeit Visions. The researcher had previously bought a masterless Vision for research, which then became Cyno's Vision. Some believe that Cyno is actually a descendant of King Deshret. They say that he grew up in a temple located in the Great Red Sand and was raised by a nameless Hermanubis priest who cultivated Cyno's will and strength before, when he was ready, bestowing upon him a Vision and requiring him to cross the desert all by himself to arrive at the Akademiya and enact Hermanubis' will. Of course, according to some conspiracy theories, Cyno's Vision is closely connected with certain forbidden technologies hidden within the Akademiya. Otherwise, how could this member of the desert ilk earn a spot in the Akademiya?No one dares to check any of the stories' authenticity with Cyno in person, and Cyno himself cannot be bothered to waste energy on these ridiculous rumors.The truth is that the way he obtained his Vision was rather simple.It was the day before he was about to become the new General Mahamatra. As per usual, after finishing his work as a Matra, Cyno went to the library to read books relating to the Akademiya's rules and regulations. He can still well remember that the book he was reading that day mainly talked about the six cardinal sins that the sages had decided on, which they held to be the origins of all crimes and thus served as the foundation for all the modern rules and regulations of the Akademiya. While he was reading the chapter on the sin of divulging secrets without a hint of fear, he failed to fathom some chunks of the content depicted in the book, so he closed his eyes and ruminated. The moment he opened his eyes, the first thing he saw was a Vision, laid nicely on the page.Cyno looked at the Vision and fell into contemplation. He first confirmed that there was no existing rule that prohibited someone from being granted a Vision. Then he went over several academic cases with Visions involved and ensured that this Vision was not some malicious trap. He went on to ponder the challenges he might encounter after becoming the General Mahamatra and how this Vision might help in these future trials... After carefully weighing up the pros and cons, Cyno finally accepted this gift from the gods earnestly.By then, the morning light was already shining through the windows. Cyno left the library with the Vision and his as-yet-unfinished read in hand before heading over to the location where he was to be inaugurated as the General Mahamatra.If all went well, in half an hour, he would become the Akademiya's new General Mahamatra.He was about to be entrusted with the sacred power to judge those who had erred, and this Vision would ensure that this sacred privilege could be exercised as intended.
Namecard


Cyno: Silence




Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with CynoDescription:Whenever Cyno falls into a profound silence, he must be considering some weighty judgment... Or perhaps he is simply considering something amusing.

Constellation
Lupus AureusStory Chapter:Lupus AureusMeaning:Golden Wolf 
Quests and Events
Archon QuestsChapter IIIAct III: Dreams, Emptiness, DeceptionThe Four at LoggerheadsAct IV: King Deshret and the Three MagiThe Missing Village KeepersCry From the Eleazar HospitalSecret of the Scorching DesertAct V: Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesThrough the Predawn NightAs by a God's SideJnagarbha DayWhere the Boat of Consciousness Lies (cutscene)A Toast to VictoryStory QuestsLupus Aureus Chapter (Cyno)Act I: Sands of SolitudeSuspicious Smuggling CaseChain of InterestsAll Returns to SilenceAct II: OathkeeperThe Mysterious LetterAfter ReposeFootprints Sunken Beneath the SandsSage of SagesThe Dead Past is the Living PresentVultur Volans Chapter (Alhaitham)Act I: The Illusions of the MobPride and PrejudiceHangout EventsKavehAct I: The Pendulum of Weal and WoeTreasure and True InterestWondrous TimesWorld QuestsNext Time, On King of Invokations...EventsFabulous Fungus FrenzyAct II: Nilotpala Cup: Debut MatchWindblume's BreathWindblume FestivalPart I: A Gathering of OutlandersPart II: A Riddle Amidst the CrowdsPart III: Joy Above the CloudsA Parade of ProvidenceAct I: Comings and GoingsOpening FestivitiesAct II: Beginnings and EndingsCompetition on the SandsAct III: Gatherings and PartingsTo Claim the Crown (cutscene)The Arc of IntellectDuel! The Summoners' Summit!Round 4: Culminate! Chatter of Joyous DreamsWeb EventsTrial of the Scorching SandsPaimon's Starlight ExpeditionGlittering ElixirsDiscover Teyvat
Character Trials
QuestsAll Returns to Silence in Cyno's Story Quest, Lupus Aureus Chapter: Act I - Sands of SolitudeSuspicious Smuggling Case in Cyno's Story Quest, Lupus Aureus Chapter: Act I - Sands of SolitudeThe Dead Past is the Living Present in Cyno's Story Quest, Lupus Aureus Chapter: Act II - OathkeeperQuest DomainsCourt of Desolation — All Returns to Silence in Cyno's Story Quest, Lupus Aureus Chapter: Act I - Sands of SolitudeEventsHyakunin Ikki 2022-10-10Misty Dungeon: Realm of SandVibro-Crystal VerificationBrewing DevelopmentsFayz Trials: HypothesisMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterTriumphant FrenzyVibro-Crystal ApplicationsTest Run EventsCyno, Venti, Candace, Kuki Shinobu, Sayu — 2022-09-28Dehya, Cyno, Bennett — 2023-03-01Cyno, Kamisato Ayato, Kirara, Kuki Shinobu — 2023-11-28
Character Mentions
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesAlhaithamCharacter Story 2ColleiAs General Mahamatra:Character Story 1VisionFaruzanVairambhaka GearSethosCharacter Story 2Character Story 3Character Story 5TighnariCharacter Story 4Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversAlhaithamAbout Cyno Media:VO_Alhaitham About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Alhaitham About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Alhaitham About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Alhaitham About Cyno.ogg The hivemind case certainly added to the matra's workload, but my conscience is clear. The root cause of what ultimately transpired actually has nothing to do with me at all. I'm sure Cyno appreciates that, as he hasn't once approached me about the incident.CandaceAbout Cyno Media:VO_Candace About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Candace About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Candace About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Candace About Cyno.ogg In the past, it was rare to see the Akademiya's General Mahamatra on this side of the Wall of Samiel, but recently he has been showing up here all the time. I believe that the Eremites have some truly terrifying stories to tell about him...About Sethos Media:VO_Candace About Sethos.ogg Media:VO ZH_Candace About Sethos.ogg Media:VO JA_Candace About Sethos.ogg Media:VO KO_Candace About Sethos.ogg The sons and daughters of King Deshret are a proud people, and he is no exception. I have heard his tale, of Hermanubis's glory dwelling within a worthy vessel. I also understand he has been active in Sumeru City recently? Apparently, he has spoken to Cyno and other friends of his plans to visit Aaru Village. I look forward to hosting him.ColleiAbout Cyno Media:VO_Collei About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei About Cyno.ogg Um... I'd rather not talk about him, if that's okay? Oh, no — the General Mahamatra isn't a bad guy or anything. Matter of fact, I have him to thank for bringing me back from Mondstadt to Sumeru and finding me a safe place to stay. It's just that... whenever I'm reminded of the sealing process just before leaving Mondstadt... ooh... the back of my neck starts hurting again...About Kaveh Media:VO_Collei About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei About Kaveh.ogg The General Mahamatra once brought him to our place for a meal. From the moment the fruit arrived on the table, he ranted non-stop about his difficult and stubborn roommate for the entire meal. We didn't get a single word in the whole time. We just nodded along and tried to stifle our laughter. It took a lot of effort.DehyaAbout Cyno Media:VO_Dehya About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Dehya About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Dehya About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Dehya About Cyno.ogg The General Mahamatra? Doesn't suffer fools gladly, and certainly doesn't beat around the bush. Having seen the way he works, he gets a thumbs up from me.DoriAbout Cyno Media:VO_Dori About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Dori About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Dori About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Dori About Cyno.ogg You could say I know him. After all, I was the only merchant in all Sumeru who could acquire the full range of Genius Invokation TCG merch for him! Not bad, huh? I've gotta admit, it's pretty rare to see anyone from the Akademiya like him... independent and with a good head on his shoulders. Plus, he's never been one to haggle over prices.FaruzanAbout Cyno Media:VO_Faruzan About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Faruzan About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Faruzan About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Faruzan About Cyno.ogg Cyno's jokes are composed using modern words and language patterns, but I still struggle to decipher any hidden meaning from his grammar and prose... Huh? It's all just literal meanings and homophones? Really...? Then, those jokes don't have any substance at all...KavehAbout Tighnari Media:VO_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Ah, Tighnari... He's one of the nicest guys you could know. If you've met him, you'll know what I mean. He's kind, and he has enormous expertise in his field, but he never brags about it in front of other people. And he seems to genuinely care about his work.Back when I was building the Palace of Alcazarzaray, I asked him for some tips on how to pick out the right ornamental plants. After he wrote back to me, he also helped me out with some other issues, too. Oh, and I almost forgot — he was the one who first introduced me to Cyno.About Cyno Media:VO_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Cyno can come across as cold and ruthless, but he's actually a very big-hearted guy. I still remember how shocked I was when Tighnari said he was gonna introduce me to his best friend, and then a couple of seconds later, an incredibly intimidating matra comes walking through the door... I honestly never expected to meet a matra who's so comfortable hanging out with scholars. Gotta say though, I can't stand his sense of humor. It really makes my skin crawl. If he ever invites you to a meal at Tighnari's place, make sure someone's bringing beer, because no one should have to endure Cyno's humor while sober.LaylaAbout Cyno Media:VO_Layla About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Layla About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Layla About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Layla About Cyno.ogg The General Mahamatra is really good at Genius Invokation TCG? Ooh, I wonder if... I mean, if I ever got the chance, maybe I could play a game with him. Card games like Genius Invokation TCG are always easier when you're good at mental math, so actually, I... I dunno, but... I might not necessarily lose to him.LisaAbout Cyno Media:VO_Lisa About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lisa About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Lisa About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Lisa About Cyno.ogg I've barely kept in touch with anyone from the Akademiya since leaving Sumeru, except for the occasional letters to my teachers out of basic courtesy. Fortunately, not every promising student turned out as lazy as I am... I heard that one of my juniors, Cyno, now leads quite the action-packed life.NahidaAbout Cyno: Jokes Media:VO_Nahida About Cyno - Jokes.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nahida About Cyno - Jokes.ogg Media:VO JA_Nahida About Cyno - Jokes.ogg Media:VO KO_Nahida About Cyno - Jokes.ogg His jokes are like buried treasure: gems hidden beneath the surface. They're a lot of fun. Hmm? Well, which part didn't you get? Okay, I can explain it for you.About Cyno: Duty Media:VO_Nahida About Cyno - Duty.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nahida About Cyno - Duty.ogg Media:VO JA_Nahida About Cyno - Duty.ogg Media:VO KO_Nahida About Cyno - Duty.ogg Not every General Mahamatra would take such a clear-cut and decisive stance when faced with a conflict between order and justice. He must know only too well that compromise is a path that leads to a dead end, so it's extremely fortunate for all of Sumeru that he's now been able to return to his rightful post.NilouAbout Cyno Media:VO_Nilou About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nilou About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Nilou About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Nilou About Cyno.ogg I don't really like interacting with people from the Akademiya because they don't view the arts too kindly. I often wonder what they do when they're bored... Huh, Cyno plays Genius Invokation TCG? I can't believe it...SethosAbout Cyno Media:VO_Sethos About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sethos About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Sethos About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Sethos About Cyno.ogg Cyno is truly outstanding — absolutely a worthy heir to Henrmanubis's power. As General Mahamatra, he has the utmost reverence for knowledge and wisdom. If the Akademiya and the Temple of Silence do start working together again, I'll take comfort in the fact that he's there.Oh yeah, and another great thing about Cyno: You know the way he talks? It's just... so funny.About Tighnari Media:VO_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Tighnari's made of strong stuff. I only found out after the fact that he doesn't cope well with the desert climate — never would've guessed from how he performed in the Rite of Duels. I was also surprised when he sent me a letter inviting me to visit Gandharva Ville, saying it would be a good chance to meet some of Cyno's friends. Are those guys always such a hoot with their jokes? Dinner with them must be hilarious — I can't wait!TighnariAbout Cyno: General Mahamatra Media:VO_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg You want to see Cyno...? Well, firstly, a word of caution: if he ever comes chasing you down for work-related reasons, prepare for the nightmare of a lifetime. Other than that, General Mahamatra is a high-ranking position, so it usually isn't easy to find him. But he does occasionally go to Gandharva Ville to see Collei. As much as he might want to stay unnoticed, he can't fool my ears.About Cyno: Good Question Media:VO_Tighnari About Cyno - Good Question.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Cyno - Good Question.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Cyno - Good Question.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Cyno - Good Question.ogg After my adviser's rescue, I wrote him a letter to send my regards. To my surprise, he wrote back saying that someone had already given him my regards in person. He ended the letter with a question "The General Mahamatra said he hopes that the sages will enjoy 'a more tasteful reputation' thanks to the efforts of our Darshan. Whatever do you suppose he meant by 'a more tasteful reputation'?" ...It's a good question. I'd like to know, too.About Lisa Media:VO_Tighnari About Lisa.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Lisa.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Lisa.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Lisa.ogg Cyno has mentioned her before — an extraordinary genius with a veritable wealth of knowledge and talent. A pity that she returned to Mondstadt so long ago. Perhaps, in the course of her study, she witnessed the horrifying side of knowledge...About Sethos Media:VO_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Sethos? Pretty interesting guy. He's like a distant cousin of Cyno's. Really easy to get along with. Last time he visited us in Gandharva Ville, he insisted on showing off his tent-pitching skills and had a fishing competition with Cyno. Collei got really upset, because she thought there was nothing for her to do anymore...People say Sethos is good at keeping himself amused — he certainly seems pretty cheerful. But he takes his work very seriously. Hmm, although I don't know how accurate "work" is — I think he sees his role at the Temple of Silence as more of a kind of duty. Anyway, if you ever find yourself needing assistance in the desert, I'm sure he'd be a good person to go to.MailsSenderMailsColleiAw, What to do... (Birthday Mail)
Mail
Yet Another Gathering... (2023-06-23)Duels... (2024-06-23)
Other Appearances
Manga
After learning about Collei's affliction, which was exacerbated by an injection of ancient gods' remains (archon residue) given to her by the Fatui, Jean brought Lisa a relevant document about the Fatui's experiments, hoping she would be able to read the ancient language it was written in. While Lisa was unable to read the document herself, she knew someone at Sumeru Akademiya who did and sent a letter to her former teacher regarding the matter.
Cyno was sent to handle the matter and arrived in Mondstadt three days later, just as Fatui personnel led by Barnabas arrived to retrieve their documents and apprehend the person who killed their diplomats — Collei. Cyno brought Amber and Collei to Starsnatch Cliff to seal the gods' remains away[2] and successfully put them into a dormant state. Tired from the ordeal, Cyno returned to the City of Mondstadt first and was not present when Barnabas attacked Amber and Collei.[3]
After Barnabas was defeated and Collei was absolved of her involvement in the Black Fire Incident thanks to Diluc and Kaeya's plan, Collei decided to return to Sumeru with Cyno.[4]

Cyno seals away Collei's Archon residueCollei and Cyno depart from Mondstadt
Trivia
Cyno is the first playable male Electro character to be released since Razor and shares several similarities with him:
They share the same Lupus constellation name; Razor's case is that he was raised by wolves, while Cyno's headdress resembles that of Anubis, a jackal-headed deity, which are also related to wolves.
Both have white hair and red eyes.
Their Elemental Bursts cause them to be immune to Electro-Charged reactions, applies Electro to their attacks (although Razor still keeps his physical damage) and is invoked by calling a spirit within them.
Many aspects of Cyno's overall design draw inspiration from the Yu-Gi-Oh! franchise:
He is a fan of Genius Invokation TCG, a card game similar to Duel Monsters. He actively plays the TCG and owns his own deck of cards.
One of his idle animations and his Featherfall Judgment icon both feature a prominent eye symbol resembling the one that appears on the franchise's various Millennium Items. Candace also features this eye symbol as part of her design.
His Special Dish, Duel Soul, is styled like the Millennium Puzzle, and shares its name with an OST from the Yu-Gi-Oh! anime series.
Sacred Rite: Wolf's Swiftness states that a spirit indwells his body and morphs him, similar to what the Pharaoh Atem does to Yugi throughout the anime.
At Constellation Level 6, the Day of the Jackal effect creates Millennium Puzzle-like symbols around his body.
He possesses an Egyptian-styled design, hearkening back to the original series of Yu-Gi-Oh!
In the Fukumoto quests, he's selected to be the model for the protagonist of "King of Invokations," a novel written by Fukumoto with a title strikingly similar to the title of Pharaoh Atem, the "King of Games."
Cyno is the second character since Hu Tao who has differences in the base artwork used for the Character Introduction Illustration and the Wish Artwork. His right arm is raised to different heights and his left arm is bent at different angles at the elbow. The first character was Rosaria.
Cyno wields the Staff of the Scarlet Sands in official artwork and during his duel against Alhaitham in the Archon Quest The Four at Loggerheads in Chapter III: Act III - Dreams, Emptiness, Deception.
The spirit called upon in Cyno's Elemental Burst is likely related to the power of Hermanubis.[5]
Despite his desert-dweller roots, Cyno lived within the Akademiya since childhood.[6]
Cyno is older than Tighnari.[7]
Cyno is known by these aliases or titles:
King of Invokations[8]
Cyno is mentioned in the descriptions of the following 7 Furnishings: Chilling Sand Grilling Colors in the Water Roiling Desert Cabinet: Odds and Ends No Jumping, No Tramping The Fragrant Branches Asleep The Leaf Veins, Supple and Subtle The General Mahamatra on Duty
Etymology
The English prefix cyno is derived from the Ancient Greek κύων kúōn, "dog," which could be a reference to the Anubis-like headdress.
Cyno's title, General Mahamatra, is derived from the Mahamatra (Sanskrit: महामात्र) a group established by the Indian emperor Ashoka who were in charge of justice and religious affairs.
Other Languages
Character Title: Judicator of Secrets

LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishJudicator of Secrets—Chinese(Simplified)缄秘的裁遣Jiānmì de CáiqiǎnThe Secret JudicationChinese(Traditional)緘秘的裁遣Jiānmì de CáiqiǎnJapanese緘秘の裁きKanpi no SabakiJudge of Hidden SecretsKorean비밀 심판Bimil SimpanSecret JudgementSpanishEl Magistrado de lo ArcanoThe Magistrate of the ArcaneFrenchJuge des secretsJudge of SecretsRussianВершитель таинствVershitel' tainstvExecutor of SecretsThaiการพิพากษาอันซ่อนเร้นKarn Pipaaksa An Son ReinSecret JudgmentVietnamesePhán Quyết Ẩn MậtHidden JudgementGermanRichter über GeheimnisseJudge Over SecretsIndonesianJudicator of Secrets—PortugueseJuiz dos SegredosJudge of SecretsTurkishSırlar HakimiJudge of SecretsItalianGiustiziere dei segretiExecutioner of Secrets
References

↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Cyno

↑ Manga, Chapter 12: Unshrouded Resolution (Part 1)

↑ Manga, Chapter 13: Dual Recurrence

↑ Manga, Chapter 16: Talks Over a Drink

↑ Event Windblume's Breath Quest, Windblume Festival: Part II, Part 2: A Riddle Amidst the Crowds (post-quest dialogue between Cyno and Lisa)

↑ Event Windblume's Breath Quest, Windblume Festival: Part III, Part 3: Joy Above the Clouds

↑ Event Windblume's Breath Quest, Windblume Festival: Part II, Part 2: A Riddle Amidst the Crowds

↑ Event Duel! The Summoners' Summit! Quest: Round 4, Part 1: Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams


Navigation
  Characters  (Lore)AnotherWorld

Mondstadt

Liyue

Inazuma

Sumeru

Fontaine

Snezhnaya


Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.




