What choice do I have?
I do not regret my life choices
We often face the choice between truth or happiness, but cannot have both
Your abilities have improved significantly
You could see the occurrence as significant or insignificant, depending on your perspective.
She put on glasses and, lastly, put on a scarf before leaving
I found a strange plant growing outside the town 
These violent people cause significant problems
It is made of a strange material that resembles stone
Even if his experiment were to succeed, it would put us all in danger 
How can we increase our chances of success?
I've long given up hope on achieving any success
She is well-connected in the farming community
I wouldn't have thought you had connections to the military
The way I see it, favors are what keep people connected to one another
Understanding the local culture will help you connect with people and learn more.
Stay close. We shouldn't get separated.
We ended up going our separate ways
I don't want to trouble you anymore
We need to establish our own production to have a strong economy
You cannot establish trust with a known liar
Has anyone established an organization for farmers in this area?
I am not convinced by your story
She convinced me to establish my own store
Nothing you say will convince me otherwise.
I'm getting used to living in the countryside
I used to go to church frequently, but not anymore
It's just an old habit of mine
I've not gotten used to my new job yet
I have to admit, you stick out in a crowd
Is she embarrassed to admit that she likes books?
I have to admit, I've never thought about it like that
She will never admit her mistakes in public
people don't dress like that anymore
After high school is over, I won't see you anymore
She shoulders a great many responsibilities in addition to her work
In addition to books, there are also magazines in the library
She wears gloves in addition to her long-sleeved jacket
A wooden bridge crossed over the river
This ship will allow us to cross over the ocean
The snow melted in the early spring
I'm planning on going to bed early tonight
They turned against one another
They're always trying to outdo one another
Are they fighting with each other again?
she danced with elegance on the stage
The waterfall was a stunning sight to behold