Skilled and eloquent, Lyney is Fontaine's Great Magician and Lynette's twin brother. After their parents' death and having been saved from an abusive noble by their "Father," Lyney has undertaken missions for the House of the Hearth and has said that he will eventually become the successor of "Father."
Lyney's outfit. Cats only stretch in front of those they trust completely. Otherwise, they merely hide their claws behind a smile — intimate yet reserved, just like the sweet words of this magician.
Unlocked upon obtaining character
Fantasticat is Lyney's Default Character Outfit.
Lyney wears an ornate black top hat with magenta details, a striped magenta-and-purple ribbon tied in a bow, a bronze chain, and his cat motif as decorations. He wears a sleeveless white ruffled shirt, over which sits a black corset-like piece with two layered long tails, the top layer black with black details and the bottom layer magenta with black pinstripes and a with magenta diamond-print lining. He has detached white sleeves and white gloves that are black at his middle phalanges up to his finger tips, and his thumbs.
The corset-like article is attached to his shorts, which have a diagonal ruff running from higher on the right to lower on the left. These shorts are attached to garters, which also hold up his black socks.  A short harness of brown straps is fastened across his front and back, and wears a black and magenta  half-capelet on his right shoulder, with a magenta rosette ribbon bearing his signature cat motif pinned at the bottom. This half-capelet is fastened around his neck by a purple collar, closed with two layered magenta and striped bows at the front. At the back of his waist is a big black bow, on which he bears a Pneuma-aligned Pyro Vision.
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Lyney 1.mp4      Media:Idle Lyney 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Lyney.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Lyney.mp4      Media:Party Setup Lyney.mp4      
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishFantasticat—Chinese(Simplified)幻戏猫Huànxì-māoIllusory Performance CatChinese(Traditional)幻戲貓Huànxì-māoJapanese幻影の戯猫Gen'ei no Gineko‍[!][!]Assumed readingPhantom Jest CatKorean환상 고양이Hwansang Goyang'iFantasy CatSpanishTaumaturgia felinaFeline ThaumaturgyFrenchSen-chat-tionnelSen-cat-tionalRussianФантастикотFantastikotFantasticatThaiวิฬาร์มายาหยอกVietnameseMèo Huyền ẢoGermanFantastikatzFantasticatIndonesianFantasticat—PortugueseFantastigatoTurkishFantastikediFantasticatItalianFantastigattoFantasticat
Released in Version 4.0[Create New History]
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
A genius of a magician famed throughout Fontaine. He moves his audience with a combination of sleight of hand and the gift of the gab. Eloquent, ingenious, and with a mind as hard to fathom as a cat.—Description from the Official Website[1]
A famed Fontainian magician who possesses great stage presence as well as gift of the gab. Audiences are enthralled by his exquisite skills, and they hang on to his every clever word.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Lyney is a skilled magician who enjoys the showlight. He is, at first sight, very easygoing and friendly compared to his siblings Lynette and Freminet, who are reserved and introverted respectively, though he is said to be much quieter when alone with his sister. He and his sister are talented magicians, having learned from Cesar in their youth when they were living on the streets. Lyney remembers all of the people that he is indebted to and will repay their kindness, as shown with Arlecchino, Cesar, Chiori and the Traveler.
Though it is not said directly, it is implied that he does have some feline traits like his sister such as his eyes, his love for fish and a wish to sleep more in the morning. His tendency to be both intimate yet reserved also gives him a mysterious aura often related to cats. His constellation also has the word "cat" in it, just like Lynette. However, these traits are not as pronounced as his sister, as he appears just like a normal person and does not share her increased senses of hearing, taste and smell.
He cares greatly for his siblings, wanting to ensure that they have a home to live in and looks out for them whenever possible, becoming extremely irrational should their safety be threatened. This is to such an extent he would even be willing to face his own "Father" in a duel, knowing he could never beat her.  Despite all his cheer, Lyney has a dark and traumatic past with his sister, but they have a very good relationship, likening it to the only truth in a world full of lies and falsehoods. As a result, he is willing to do anything to stay with her. Lyney is also implied to quite prideful, wanting to prove himself to others.
Lyney uses the medium male model. He is a young man with violet eyes, pale skin, and short ash blond hair, some locks being pulled back in a small braid on the left side of his head. He also has bangs with a small pinkish red strand on the right, covering almost a quarter of his face. Additionally, he has cat-like eyes thanks to their overall shape and their slit pupils. He also has a dark brown tear-shaped mark on his right cheek.
Those flowers in the mirror... who are they for?
Sometimes it distracts with a feint, others it pretends to slip up and reveal a flaw... When things get serious, sleight of hand dazzles more than the magic itself. Can you guess what it is?—A riddle Lynette set for her younger brother Freminet while blowing on the surface of her tea.
With the possible exception of the trials held at the Opera Epiclese, Lyney and Lynette's magic show is without a doubt the best live performance in the Court of Fontaine.
Judgment uses truth to deliver justice. Magic uses facade to reach people's hearts.
Even if the whole audience knows that everything that takes place on stage is simply trickery and deception, they'll still be dazzled when they're brought face to face with a miracle. Long before the magician's elegant curtain call, the thunder of the cheering and applause will be deafening.
On stage, Lyney is a Great Magician in the eyes of all. Off stage, he's a reliable older brother, courteous visitor, and devoted friend.
His every move is a pleasant surprise, every word a reason to smile. His whole being is like an indecipherable enigma that you just can't help trying to solve.
If you suddenly find yourself so close to him that you're confiding your innermost thoughts, don't be too surprised.
After all, what is a magician if not an expert in stealing hearts?
Those flowers in the mirror... who are they for?
In the end, a child must grow up, and they must surpass their parents. Only thus may a family flourish. When that day comes... I look forward to hearing what 'family' means to him.—Arlecchino
Magic is a lie. Nothing but evasion, deception, and trickery.
Even a single illusion requires a series of lies to pull off. To put on a whole magic show, you must win the audience's trust by weaving a seamless facade of ruses and ploys.
Props, lighting, assistants, planning... the stage is set through the help of countless aids, both onstage and off. A magician's performance rests upon so much painstaking effort, yet is also weighed down by the burden of expectation.
As such, a magician's design must be absolutely airtight, and his execution without flaw — even a single slip-up could ruin everything. He must not let his "family" down...
"...The magician's lies must not be exposed."
The first time Lyney stepped onto the stage, he had a mission on his mind as he stood there behind the curtain, muttering "Father's" words under his breath.
"Lyney..." said Lynette as she squeezed her brother's palm unconsciously.
The curtain slowly began to rise, marking the start of their performance. Lyney raised up Lynette's arm and gazed back at her with a determined look in his eyes.
"I'll be alright — because as always, Lynette's by my side."
The people of Fontaine love their tales of mystery. The intricate case setups and unexpected twists and turns are captivating for all.Magic recreates this experience under the converging spotlights. For the price of a ticket and some of your free time, you can embark on a wondrous journey amidst thunderous applause and astounded cries.If you were to ask around as to which of Fontaine's "guides" is best at setting up such fantastical tours, most fans will tell you that it is Lyney.Suave, romantic, and talented, he performs miracle after miracle with a casual air.In this industry, one needs only a stable of staple tricks to ensure a renowned reputation and comfortable life.However, Lyney's shows always feature some new trick. Some say that he was born into poverty, and the resultant burning hunger for fame and fortune drives his boundless desire to create.In truth, he simply pursues novelty in his capacity as a performer — indeed, he feels that if he cannot put his whole heart into the show, his deep desire to perform cannot be fully satiated.This is why, despite the applause rising to a fever pitch and beyond, he will rarely satisfy the crowd's calls for a reprise of his most well-known tricks. Some devoted fans consider this to be a bit of a shame......And for them, such regret will only continue to increase each time they purchase a ticket and go in to watch his show.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
While Lyney first began his journey in magic to fill his stomach, he has continued to perfect his art even after becoming a person of some renown in Fontaine.Magic, after all, has been his benefactor. Not only has it allowed him and his sister to survive, but it has also allowed them to gain the "acknowledgment" that most children, growing up in a loving home, would have received from their parents.Even from an early age, performance was something closely tied to Lyney's life. Each time he would go on stage, Lyney would have the audience whooping and clapping. And yet, he did not lose himself in their adulation — if anything, it often troubled him.If audiences were simply drawn to the spectacle of magic, then who was to say that they wouldn't abandon Lyney's stage as soon as they caught wind of a more enthralling show in town?In other words, just as an audience would be attracted by petals and cards, they would also be pulled away by grander fireworks and crackling gun salutes. What else did magicians have up their sleeves to capture the hearts of their audience, beyond enticing them with ever more grandiose impressions of shock and awe?In all of Lyney's performances afterward, audiences would begin to notice a change — Lyney would add many segments between performances in which he would interact with them.Indeed, this magician seemed without any airs, sharing various fascinating anecdotes about his life, not even minding if the audience should try to guess at the secret behind his tricks.Of course, the sharper wits amongst them would notice that Lyney's tales were not truth, but instead a way to build up the atmosphere, a bedding laid for a greater magic trick to land upon.Yet no one would quibble about these white lies. After all, truth and falsehoods were already inextricable in many parts of the performance — why, even the magician himself could be said to have become a part of the magic.Thus does Lyney sometimes appear near and dear, and other times just out of the reach of his audience, balancing human affinity and magical mystery perfectly in the palm of his hand, his smile leaving the audiences' imaginations free to run wild.No matter how rich or poor, sad or glad the audience member, imagination is the great equalizer, carrying the charm of magic to all.Thus did the mystery and elegance of this magician spread far and wide, with people even opining that his skill at creating an atmosphere is itself as exquisite as magic."Is that so? Well, I'm just trying to invite everyone to take a brief break from reality, that's all."Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
Lyney's new home was the Hotel Bouffes d'ete, located in a corner of the Court of Fontaine.The place was home to many orphans who shared similar experiences with him and his sister. The people here helped each other like a family would, greeting the fallout and consequences of those tragic years together.But the siblings, even with a recommendation from the manager of the Hotel, did not find it all that easy to fit in, nor was it easy for the children there to immediately accept these new "outsiders."And in this environment, oppressive in its gloom, the water pumping equipment broke while Lynette was using it, right before everyone's eyes, deepening the distrust to the extreme.Lyney could only step up and take responsibility, agreeing to fix the equipment so as not to affect everyone's daily lives.In truth, he did not know all that much about repair work, but given Lynette's propensity for damaging various small devices, he had long gotten used to following his intuition to do some fixes here and there.Unfortunately, he underestimated the complexity of the pumping equipment and difficulty of fixing it. While he succeeded in restoring it to normal operations, he remained at a complete loss as to whether he had solved the root problem or not, he could not tell.But just as he was at his wit's end, a seemingly reticent young fellow stepped forth, examined, and restored the facilities, even expressing his apologies.As it turned out, he was the one in charge of maintenance at the Hotel, and as he saw it, Lynette had been the unfortunate victim of his failure to detect and replace the aging components in the system in a timely manner.Lyney, for his part, was far more impressed by the young fellow's skills than any talk of responsibility. He wanted to learn from the youth — if nothing else, this would make helping Lynette all the easier.The youth was, for his part, no good at refusing, and thus did Lyney become his assistant in the Hotel's small workroom — and over time, he and this Freminet would become friends.Lyney would prove unselfish in spending time on other Hotel residents, whether it be Freminet or others, but he would keep them company in comforting silence rather than ask them about their experiences.In this he was guided by Lynette's succinct life advice: "No one needs self-satisfied concern."In time, the residents became more willing to share some of their pasts with him, and Lyney would thus become better able to help them with their issues.Freminet was somewhat perplexed by this, believing that Lyney, who was slowly becoming the core around which the Hotel spun, did not need to go this far.Lyney joked that he had helped Freminet when they first met because he knew that his sister would cause further machine-related troubles down the line, and he was uncomfortable with that.But at this point, there was no fooling Freminet with such words. Under his attentive gaze, Lyney could only tell him the truth."Because Lynette's my one and only family, I've learned from her how one should treat all members of their family."Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
On the Hotel Bouffes d'ete's Founding Day, all the children were abustle, draping festive colors all over the place.To the residents, outside festivals and events were cold and emotionless things, foreign elements in their lives, and only this dwelling could bring them true warmth.Everyone worked in concert to execute Lyney's plan. Lynette had purchased large amounts of festive ornaments, and together with the other children, she strung up colored streamers and hung handwritten festive greetings.Freminet was ensuring that the magical props would operate properly — Lyney had faith in his craftsmanship, so much so that Freminet was completely entrusted with all the magic props this time.Lyney himself was the busiest of all — not only did he have to ascertain everyone's progress, but he was also laying the final groundwork for a grand, unique magic trick in secret.And thus was the banquet successfully held with everyone's support. The children danced to the joyous music playing from the grand hall's phonograph and enjoyed delicious food — this was the birthday of no one in particular, but this was the day they all felt they had gained new lives.The finale, of course, was Lyney, Lynette, and Freminet's Founding Day magic show. The magic box was at the center of the room, and all waited with bated breath.To preserve the secret behind the magic trick, even Lynette and Freminet knew not what was within. But as the room darkened and all eyes turned to Lyney, standing as he was in front of the box, even the highly-experienced magician showed some rare signs of trepidation."Now, you might consider the following words an exaggeration, but the "present" I am about to present to you all is, without doubt, the most important one we have received in our lives."The paper firecrackers burst, and the once-empty box suddenly opened by itself. The crowd cheered, amazed — then fell suddenly into stunned silence.What stood onstage was no present — nay, this was the Hotel's manager, its owner, and their "Father."Her image was one of unsmiling dignity, and thus, though she did not come by often, no one dared to horse around whenever she was around.Surely, Lyney had gone completely mad to have her make her appearance in such a frivolous way.Yet, upon seeing the crowd's reaction, "Father" did not snap at anyone, opining merely that Lyney had kept this secret perfectly, just as a magic show should, declaring it worthy of praise.That night, the children and their "Father" delighted in the various desserts together, and she personally sliced a serving of cake for each of them, which she herself enjoyed some of as well.Perhaps the most amazing aspect of Lyney's Founding Day magic show was its ability to have even "Father" lay down her heavy burden and enjoy a brief moment of familial love.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5  •  As Light Rain Falls Without Reason
Magic and secrets piled up at Lyney's feet, growing ever taller like a tower. Gazing down from the top at the people as they passed by in the world below, Lyney knew there was no going back.Both the dazzling sleights of hand and the missions he would come to receive from Hotel Bouffes d'ete had made a habitual liar out of him.And while lies could sometimes be useful for seizing an advantage, they were more often employed to keep more people from being dragged into trouble.Lyney knew very well that once trust had collapsed, the scales of judgment would no longer remain impartial, and even noble goals would become twisted and thought of as evil.As such, not revealing more than was absolutely necessary was prudent when working with others. More often than not, this makes things go more smoothly, with everyone getting the results they want.But lies will not simply scatter on the wind, and Lyney must maintain this illusion with utmost care, all the while keeping his distance from those affected.As so the tower extended towards the skies, until there would be no one to take his hand if he reached out, and even their visages blurred in his eyes.Falsehood was Lyney's constant and only companion on the path that he walked, and this road was long and lonely — this he was always clear-minded about.Everyone knew the brilliant "Great Magician Lyney," but they loved only the mystery, the romance, the unattainable nature. They knew no love for the heart that lay deeper within.He felt he had no right to pour out his mind to others, and yet he must carry on with gritted teeth, for the price of a fall from such heights was more than he could bear.Having played too many parts, even Lyney would sometimes find himself questioning who "he" really was.His dreams often took him back to the tower, where his resting place at the pinnacle vantage would grow smaller and smaller, and with the fog of death they called "betrayal" extending all around, there was nowhere for him to go.But just before he could plummet, a hand grabbed onto him — and from it, he felt a familiar warmth that drew his soul back into his body, steadying "him" within himself once more."Thank you, Lynette..."The awakening youth mumbled to himself.Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6  •  As Light Rain Falls Without Reason
While Hotel Bouffes d'ete's operations in Fontaine work toward a just cause, its methods can often be radical. Only the influence of "Father" and her control over the inner workings of the Court of Fontaine prevent any serious incidents from occurring.There was once an official funded by Lyney who served in the Maison Gardiennage. This person provided both intel in support of the Hotel's operations and scrubbed clean the effects of some of the Hotel's clandestine actions.These were actions that came with no small risk, but the official always performed them well, for he believed that the Fontaine of the present day needed someone like "Father" who could bypass the many layers of laws and regulations and take direct action.Lyney once joked to him: "I'll be there if you ever need help, and if you're in danger, I'll come to rescue you... Well, don't expect too much of that last bit. Just stay on guard, alright?"The official knew that this was Lyney's way of expressing concern, of course. Yet even words spoken in jest could prove prophetic later, and so they did — this official's deeds were eventually discovered, and on the brink of capture, he used an emergency communication device to send a message to Lyney.Upon discovering the device, the Gardes who arrived at the scene mocked the official's naivete, claiming that the signal sent merely informed his compatriots to save themselves — no one would be stupid enough to try to save him.The official's reply was also quite simple — even such an ending would have been fine for him, for he did not believe that his prior cooperation was the wrong decision.But just as the Gardes were about to arrest the official, thick smoke began billowing forth from dispensers pre-planted nearby, and the official caught sight of a brilliant blaze—The next moment, he was in the drink in the Fleuve Cendre, and was rescued by Freminet.It was said that the Gardes spent a great deal of time chasing after the skyborne flame-trail, believing that the criminal must have used some flying machine to flee the scene, only to discover later naught but wood dressed in clothes, affixed to a glider.In truth, Lyney had earlier used this device to draw the Gardes' attention away before getting the official out of his predicament.The official admitted that he had not had high hopes when pressing the device. Magicians were untrustworthy, after all — but still, he had chosen to gamble on that tiny chance."Haha. Well, it is indeed a gamble to place your trust in others.""But don't worry. Magicians might be full of hot air, but we will never betray the expectations of our audience."Rosseland Friendship Lv. 4
There is a special entity amongst the cats adopted by Lyney and Lynette, and its name is "Rosseland."Every cat in the Hotel has its own territory, but Rosseland has a special affinity for Lyney's hat.A hat is a magician's most important prop, and each time Lyney must use it, he must first chase Rosseland out — a difficult affair when its displeased meows in response are so heartrending, especially to siblings like Lyney and Lynette, who themselves once struggled to find a home.Thus the siblings began their search for a replacement, only to be met by refusal each time, no matter how lovely the new home — indeed, Rosseland would not even give them a second glance.Lyney even specially commissioned an identical hat, thinking that this might put an end to the cat's choosiness, only for Rosseland to lay claim that new hat also, becoming aggrieved no matter which was whisked away.But this was no feline tyranny. Indeed, Rosseland's requests were not terribly excessive. After much thought, Lyney eventually came up with a solution — to incorporate the cat into his magic shows.He and Lynette constructed a little puppet inside the hat that would normally serve as Rosseland's cushion. During performances, Rosseland would burrow inside the puppet, causing it to jink this way and that in a mischievous and adorable manner.And as it turned out, Rosseland was not at all shy — indeed, it greatly enjoyed its new job. Perhaps the spotlight brought it much enjoyment indeed, for it would never prove quite so predisposed to exclusive ownership again, even when it had to temporarily leave its nest when off-stage.During one of his shows, Lyney once made a rare error, having left a card he needed to produce on-stage backstage.With all eyes on him, he had mere seconds to think of a way to save the situation while maintaining his easy-going demeanor.But to his surprise, there was an unexpected weight in his hovering hat — it should have been empty, but Rosseland had somehow found its way inside.Out came the puppet, and out with it came the card Lyney had needed, to the instantaneous applause of all. Lyney heaved a sigh of relief, but he was also quite shocked, in truth.Some thought was put into this matter — but Lyney could only conclude that Rosseland had, influenced by the twins as it was, also mastered the art of the magical performance somehow.Vision Friendship Lv. 6  •  As Light Rain Falls Without Reason
After Lynette gained the favor of the gods, the missions she had to undertake grew more dangerous and difficult.Only Vision-wielders like Lynette could fulfill the most dangerous missions while remaining completely anonymous, and the twins began to operate separately more often as a result.Lyney found himself unable to adapt to this. Not only had the siblings been together since childhood, but he knew that he was not the only one who felt disturbed by this split.He still desired to be beside her, lending her all the help he could — this was his non-negotiable desire.Knowing his desire for power was no longer pure, Lyney concluded that he had become undeserving of divine favor. Yet he still desired a means to bridge the vast gulf in strength between him and his sister, which he did not possess. Unless...To this end, he solemnly sought out "Father," expressing his belief that he needed the mysterious and perilous might of a Delusion to operate alongside his sister."Father" was silent for a long while, till at last two slanted crosses pinned him in place with a wrath rarely shown to the children of the Hotel, her gaze seeming to pierce his very soul."And would Lynette want you to do this?"Her simple yet powerful question cut through the strings that bound his heart, and in a daze, his sister's words once more reverberated in his ears."No one needs self-satisfied concern."Lyney did not need to ask his sister to know that she would never accept his desire to stay by her side with the use of a Delusion. It was only then that he realized the absurdity of his wish."Father" stood up and left, but not before reminding him that this was not the first time he had lacked power, but that he had found an answer before.Lyney would lock himself in his room, trying to digest the reasoning behind the words "Father" had left him with. When he and his sister had been out on the streets, the answer he had found then had been "magic." What, then, would the answer be now?Lyney found the dossiers for all the missions Lynette had taken up during this period, carefully analyzing the process of each one and modeling his sister's every action.Was it really necessary to pass through this dangerous valley to get close to a target?Was it really a must to leap into such a swift river to flee the scene?No, this was just the Vision's light covering her.Thus did Lyney start to make comprehensive plans for his sister's missions, using his understanding of her to design the most suitable routes, make the most practical tools, and choose the best rendezvous points.The trust between them did not change. The look in Lynette's eyes when she left was no longer so strained, and they often embraced heartily and happily when meeting at the rendezvous point.The pure desire to protect one's family would not be moved, gods' favor or no.But even the best laid plans of mice and men may go awry. After conducting dozens of successful missions, the children of the Hotel were caught up in a betrayal, and as a result, Lynette's movements were exposed.Before the siblings was a towering cliff, just like the night when Lynette had gained her Vision — but this time, it was Lyney's turn to reverse their fortunes in a moment of crisis.He opened his emergency paraglider, and grabbing her, threw himself off the edge. But their pursuers followed, raining gunfire down on them.Lyney twisted this way and that, avoiding many a shot, but still the glider was punctured in several spots. Unable to maintain balance, they began to plummet downward towards the embrace of the ground below.Still, Lyney grit his teeth and refused to despair — should fate itself conspire to refute the answer he had come up with to protect his family, he would defy it to the end.Their pursuers began to snicker, knowing that a fall at such speeds would be fatal — only to have a flame light up the skies, pushing the stricken glider toward a fast-flowing river nearby.The power of Pyro changed the direction of their fall, while Anemo defended them from harm — and thus did the twin lights intertwine and spread under the moonlight, fading slowly like the applause that fills the stage during a curtain call.Lyney did not guess at the meaning of the shining Vision he saw in his hand. The answer was, after all, no longer important.
Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with LyneyDescription:One major type of magic revolves around making things "vanish." Lyney has an arsenal of tricks up his sleeve. As his accomplice, as long as you are willing to turn a blind eye, all your problems may vanish as well.
Felis FuscusStory Chapter:Felis FuscusMeaning:Black Cat 
Archon QuestsChapter IVAct I: Prelude of Blancheur and NoirceurSoloist's PrologueThe City of Rains and RemembranceLies Cast Shadows Under Gathered LightsAct III: To the Stars Shining in the DepthsFortress of MeropideAct IV: Cataclysm's QuickeningThe Truth Shrouded in ShadowCalamitous TreadA Moment's RespiteAct V: Masquerade of the GuiltyHunters, ProphetsApocalypseThe Opera of Noirceur and BlancheurFinaleStory QuestsCisoria Chapter (Chiori)Act I: When They Talk About TonightStained SpotsThe Woven and the CutDiluvies Chapter (Neuvillette)Act I: The Remains of the Past DayIn a New Light (cutscene)Felis Fuscus Chapter (Lyney)Act I: The Forgotten ThiefThe Phantom Thief's ReappearanceThe Magician's SecretThe Truest ThingThe InterviewIgnis Purgatorius Chapter (Arlecchino)Act I: When the Hearth-Flame Goes OutThe Child Who Doesn't ExistSea Breeze RendezvousBirds in a CageInto the SunlightRapperia Chapter (Clorinde)Act I: Silent Night"Judgment Day"Hunters' GatheringBuried HonorVanquishing PhantomsHangout EventsLynetteAct I: Checks & CatsClosureDetectivesMaskEventsReceiver of Friends From AfarReceiver of Friends From Afar: Part IWeb EventsDiscover TeyvatLean, Mean, Cleaning Machine!Starlit LetterDancing Beasts and Soaring Kites
QuestsThe Magician's Secret in Lyney's Story Quest, Felis Fuscus Chapter: Act I - The Forgotten ThiefHunters' Gathering in Clorinde's Story Quest, Rapperia Chapter: Act I - Silent NightQuest DomainsMagic Workshop — The Magician's Secret in Lyney's Story Quest, Felis Fuscus Chapter: Act I - The Forgotten ThiefEventsThe Peaks and Troughs of LifeMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterTriumphant FrenzyVibro-Crystal ApplicationsTest Run EventsLyney, Yelan, Lynette, Bennett — 2023-08-16Arlecchino, Lyney, Freminet — 2024-04-24
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesArlecchinoCharacter Story 1FreminetCharacter Story 2LynetteCharacter DetailsCharacter Story 2Character Story 3Character Story 5VisionCharacter Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversArlecchinoAbout Lyney Media:VO_Arlecchino About Lyney.ogg Media:VO ZH_Arlecchino About Lyney.ogg Media:VO JA_Arlecchino About Lyney.ogg Media:VO KO_Arlecchino About Lyney.ogg Clervie once asked me what a "real home" looks like, but I had no answer for her. How could any of us know the answer when the House of the Hearth is made up entirely of people who never had a place to call home.By killing Crucabena, I was able to assume the identity of "Father" and rebuild the House under a new set of rules. Still, I'm well aware that, even with these efforts, the House is far from that ideal. As for what a real home truly looks like, I suppose that question is best put to the side for now... Perhaps one day, Lyney will be able to give me a new answer.About Furina Media:VO_Arlecchino About Furina.ogg Media:VO ZH_Arlecchino About Furina.ogg Media:VO JA_Arlecchino About Furina.ogg Media:VO KO_Arlecchino About Furina.ogg I asked Lyney to deliver an assortment of cakes for her theater troupe to enjoy during teatime. The children made the cakes themselves as a gesture to express the support and enthusiasm of her "audience." I do hope she enjoys them.CharlotteAbout Lyney Media:VO_Charlotte About Lyney.ogg Media:VO ZH_Charlotte About Lyney.ogg Media:VO JA_Charlotte About Lyney.ogg Media:VO KO_Charlotte About Lyney.ogg Surprise, surprise — Lyney refused an interview with me once again. Do you know how many times that is now? ...Uh, actually, I've lost count. But never mind! Evading me only further confirms my suspicion that he's hiding the news story of a lifetime! As long as I keep digging, I'll find it — and when I do, it will shake the world like no other news report in history!ChevreuseAbout Lyney Media:VO_Chevreuse About Lyney.ogg Media:VO ZH_Chevreuse About Lyney.ogg Media:VO JA_Chevreuse About Lyney.ogg Media:VO KO_Chevreuse About Lyney.ogg Lyney is quite the famous magician. We once had a case where we arrested a magician suspected of deliberate harm, fraudulent behavior, and murder, but we could never figure out his methods. In the end, we brought on Lyney as a consultant. He helped us find a crucial piece of evidence that led to the successful conviction of the suspect. I heard that an author actually used that case as the basis for their mystery novel about a magician who used their craft to commit crimes.Unfortunately... the author ended up going a little overboard on the graphic detail, and since the crime is still fresh in everyone's minds, it'll be a while before they're able to get it published.ChioriAbout Lyney Media:VO_Chiori About Lyney.ogg Media:VO ZH_Chiori About Lyney.ogg Media:VO JA_Chiori About Lyney.ogg Media:VO KO_Chiori About Lyney.ogg I can't make a hat that could hide secrets, but it seems Lyney can enchant his hat to do just that... I'm a little curious about how it feels to wear a hat full of so many tricks and secrets like his. As for me, I don't need the burden of all that, it's easiest to just say what's on my mind.ClorindeAbout Lyney Media:VO_Clorinde About Lyney.ogg Media:VO ZH_Clorinde About Lyney.ogg Media:VO JA_Clorinde About Lyney.ogg Media:VO KO_Clorinde About Lyney.ogg I have to applaud the great magician for the level of professionalism he displays in his craft. If I ever have the time, I would very much like to enjoy one of his shows as a regular audience member.FreminetAbout Lyney: Magic Shows Media:VO_Freminet About Lyney - Magic Shows.ogg Media:VO ZH_Freminet About Lyney - Magic Shows.ogg Media:VO JA_Freminet About Lyney - Magic Shows.ogg Media:VO KO_Freminet About Lyney - Magic Shows.ogg At home, Lyney's always showing me his magic tricks. Whenever I smile, he grins excitedly and says the audience is definitely going to love this one... Do I really smile so rarely?About Lyney: Mask Media:VO_Freminet About Lyney - Mask.ogg Media:VO ZH_Freminet About Lyney - Mask.ogg Media:VO JA_Freminet About Lyney - Mask.ogg Media:VO KO_Freminet About Lyney - Mask.ogg Lyney is our team leader, and acts like everyone's older brother... But I can tell that he puts on a brave face sometimes. I tried to talk to him about it once — told him that he doesn't need to wear a mask all the time. But he denied it, and we ended up having an argument... Since then, I've never brought it up with him again.About Lynette Media:VO_Freminet About Lynette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Freminet About Lynette.ogg Media:VO JA_Freminet About Lynette.ogg Media:VO KO_Freminet About Lynette.ogg If you assigned Lyney and Lynette with the same mission, they'd both do an outstanding job. But not me. Lynette is always comforting me, saying that everyone has their strengths, and how everyone relies on me to fix things around the house when they break down... If only I was half as good at anything else.About Navia Media:VO_Freminet About Navia.ogg Media:VO ZH_Freminet About Navia.ogg Media:VO JA_Freminet About Navia.ogg Media:VO KO_Freminet About Navia.ogg Lyney told me everything. I'm so grateful to you and Navia for your warmth and generosity. Please pass on my thanks when you see her... Huh? Tell her myself? ...Uh, I, uh... Ooh, I've suddenly got stomach cramps — sorry, gotta dash.More About Freminet: IV Media:VO_Freminet More About Freminet - 04.ogg Media:VO ZH_Freminet More About Freminet - 04.ogg Media:VO JA_Freminet More About Freminet - 04.ogg Media:VO KO_Freminet More About Freminet - 04.ogg I don't like thinking about my time in the House of the Hearth under the previous director. All I'll say is... My habit of retreating into the sea started back then. "Father" changed not only me, but my view of our family, too. Then Lyney and Lynette joined the family... and for the first time ever, I gained some genuine companions.FurinaAbout Lyney and Lynette Media:VO_Furina About Lyney and Lynette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Furina About Lyney and Lynette.ogg Media:VO JA_Furina About Lyney and Lynette.ogg Media:VO KO_Furina About Lyney and Lynette.ogg Of course I know Lyney and Lynette. I used to frequently attend their magic shows. Though they're very popular, they're still much less popular than me. Only my performances would draw a completely sold-out crowd... even standing tickets would be out. But now... Uh... I've already decided to hang up my acting career, so it's perfectly normal for my popularity to decline!KiraraAbout Lyney Media:VO_Kirara About Lyney.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kirara About Lyney.ogg Media:VO JA_Kirara About Lyney.ogg Media:VO KO_Kirara About Lyney.ogg So I met this magician in Fontaine who could make anything disappear, then make it reappear out of thin air! He must've used some kind of youkai power to make that happen, right? Hmm... Is he a youkai too, then?LynetteHello Media:VO_Lynette Hello.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette Hello.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette Hello.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette Hello.ogg Pleased to make your acquaintance. I am Lyney's magic assistant, and if you have work-related inquiries, please ask Lyney. If you have questions related to seeing a magic show, please ask the ticket office. You want to talk to me? ...Then get to the point.Chat: Older Brother Media:VO_Lynette Chat - Older Brother.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette Chat - Older Brother.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette Chat - Older Brother.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette Chat - Older Brother.ogg Seems Lyney is saying some strange things again... it's really worrying.About Lynette: Magic Media:VO_Lynette About Lynette - Magic.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette About Lynette - Magic.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette About Lynette - Magic.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette About Lynette - Magic.ogg During our shows, I'm usually Lyney's assistant. Because I never speak or change expressions, people often mistake me for a puppet... this kind of misunderstanding can prevent unnecessary social interactions, so it's actually quite nice.About Lyney: Unspoken Understanding Media:VO_Lynette About Lyney - Unspoken Understanding.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette About Lyney - Unspoken Understanding.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette About Lyney - Unspoken Understanding.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette About Lyney - Unspoken Understanding.ogg I have always been together with Lyney, and we can tell what the other is thinking without speaking. Thus, he tends to be more quiet than normal when we are alone. Hmm? Can I tell when he's lying or telling the truth? Of course I can, but this matter is top secret.About Lyney: Worries Media:VO_Lynette About Lyney - Worries.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette About Lyney - Worries.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette About Lyney - Worries.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette About Lyney - Worries.ogg Lyney is normally quite confident, and does everything with incredible ease... or at least, that's how he wants everyone else to see him. So when he runs into difficulties, he always wants to solve everything perfectly on his own... if this happens, please be sure to take good care of him.About Freminet Media:VO_Lynette About Freminet.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette About Freminet.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette About Freminet.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette About Freminet.ogg He is a delicate and gentle child, but also tends to belittle himself... perhaps due to his previous experiences. Sometimes he feels like the antithesis of Lyney... but since they're both family, when their opinions clash, I will bridge their differences.About Chiori Media:VO_Lynette About Chiori.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette About Chiori.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette About Chiori.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette About Chiori.ogg The costumes Lyney and I wear for performances were specially tailored by Chiori. Once, Lyney was using a small knife for a magic trick, and accidentally cut the cuff of his sleeve a bit. She scolded us nonstop... it was scary. Luckily, I can hide behind Lyney whenever we go to her shop.About Charlotte Media:VO_Lynette About Charlotte.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette About Charlotte.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette About Charlotte.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette About Charlotte.ogg Uh... I was eventually cornered by her for interviews a few times. The way she persistently asked even after Lyney rejected her all those times, I really have to commend her perseverance. Too bad for her, though... despite preparing all those questions, I never answered a single one.More About Lynette: IV Media:VO_Lynette More About Lynette - 04.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette More About Lynette - 04.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette More About Lynette - 04.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette More About Lynette - 04.ogg Before Lyney and I came to our new home, we were constantly adrift on the streets. We experienced many hardships and dangerous situations... It was then that I developed the habit of paying attention to any sign of danger, and also gradually learned to understand what others were thinking. Fortunately, we now have a safe place to live.NaviaAbout Lyney and Lynette Media:VO_Navia About Lyney and Lynette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Navia About Lyney and Lynette.ogg Media:VO JA_Navia About Lyney and Lynette.ogg Media:VO KO_Navia About Lyney and Lynette.ogg I know magicians can often be all bravado and razzmatazz, but I can tell that Lyney is a sincere guy who cares deeply about his friends and family. He's so mature for his age, it catches me off guard sometimes... Oh, and how could I forget — it was so kind of him to try and cheer up the children in Poisson with an impromptu free magic show during the flood! I'll have to invite him and Lynette over for some macarons at my place when I get the chance. I know Lynette's always conjuring teacups out of thin air, so surely at least she's a fan of a proper tea break?NeuvilletteAbout Lyney and Lynette Media:VO_Neuvillette About Lyney and Lynette.ogg Media:VO ZH_Neuvillette About Lyney and Lynette.ogg Media:VO JA_Neuvillette About Lyney and Lynette.ogg Media:VO KO_Neuvillette About Lyney and Lynette.ogg Their performances are just fascinating, don't you think? They draw you into a magical world where, on one hand, everything that takes place is part of an elaborate deception — but on the other, all manner of miracles are possible if you are only willing to believe.SigewinneAbout Lyney Media:VO_Sigewinne About Lyney.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sigewinne About Lyney.ogg Media:VO JA_Sigewinne About Lyney.ogg Media:VO KO_Sigewinne About Lyney.ogg I still feel sorry for firing that tranquilizer shot at Mr. Lyney... It was an emergency situation, and that was the least harmful way of incapacitating him... Thankfully, he was okay with letting me take care of Mr. Freminet once he understood that I bore them no ill will.TravelerAbout Magic... Media:VO_Aether About Magic.ogg Media:VO ZH_Aether About Magic.ogg Media:VO JA_Aether About Magic.ogg Media:VO KO_Aether About Magic.ogg Media:VO_Lumine About Magic.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lumine About Magic.ogg Media:VO JA_Lumine About Magic.ogg Media:VO KO_Lumine About Magic.ogg Paimon: Lyney's magic shows are amazing! Paimon never would've guessed how he did it before he revealed his secret.(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): Hold on... I just thought of a magic trick!Paimon: Huh? You know how to do magic too?(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): Yep. I can make a big magician's hat float in the air, and even make it move at my command.Paimon: Whoa! Really? How do you do that?(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): Hehe, simple! I put Paimon inside the hat.Paimon: What? Why would Paimon be... Ohhh, so Paimon's the one making it float!Paimon: Hehe, in that case, Paimon has an idea for an even better magic trick!(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): Huh? What is it?Paimon: Behold, the bottomless hat! No matter how many plates of delicious food you throw into it, it'll never get full!(TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler): Uh... Wait, so where would the plates go?Paimon: Oh, good point! Umm... Oh, the hat spits the empty plates back out! Tada! Whaddya think?WriothesleyAbout Lyney Media:VO_Wriothesley About Lyney.ogg Media:VO ZH_Wriothesley About Lyney.ogg Media:VO JA_Wriothesley About Lyney.ogg Media:VO KO_Wriothesley About Lyney.ogg I'll admit that when I removed the House of the Hearth's spies in the underworld, that was kind of an intentional provocation to the Fatui. But their only response was to send down a bunch of children... Was it because they truly saw those kids as disposable? Or because they knew I wouldn't have it in me to let them come to serious harm? *sigh*MailsSenderMailsFreminetSharing... (Birthday Mail)LynetteA Birthday Surprise... (Birthday Mail)
He is the eldest of the sibling trio, being older than both Lynette and Freminet.
Lyney shares his Chinese voice actor with Freminet.
The younger version of Lyney, appearing in his Story Quest, was voiced by Cat Protano[2] in the English dub and Yamaguchi Kurea (山口久玲愛)[3] in the Japanese dub.
The tear-shaped mark on his face may be a mouche, an artificial beauty mark that was fashionable in sixteenth-century France (and later across Europe).
Character Title: Spectacle of Phantasmagoria
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishSpectacle of Phantasmagoria—Chinese(Simplified)惑光幻戏Huòguāng HuànxìFantasy Show of Puzzling LightsChinese(Traditional)惑光幻戲Huòguāng HuànxìJapanese幻光の惑わすトリックGenkou no Madowasu TorikkuPerplexing Trick of Phantom LightsKorean현란한 빛의 마술쇼Hyeonranhan Bit-ui MasulsyoBrilliant Light's Magic ShowSpanishEl Mago de la FantasmagoríaThe Magician of the PhantasmagoriaFrenchSpectacle de fantasmagorieSpectacle of PhantasmagoriaRussianЗрелищные фантасмагорииZrelishchnyye fantasmagoriiSpectacular PhantasmagoriaThaiมายาลวงพรางตาVietnameseẢo Ảnh Ngoạn MụcGermanDas Spektakel von FantasmagoriaThe Spectacle of PhantasmagoriaIndonesianSpectacle of Phantasmagoria—PortugueseEspetáculo FantasmagóricoTurkishİllüzyon OyunuItalianSpettacolo fantasmagoricoPhantasmagoric Spectacle
↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Lyney
↑ Twitter: EN VA Self Announcement (Archived)
↑ Twitter: JP VA Self Announcement (Archived)
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Lyney Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Hello.ogg This is no mere illusion, tis I, Lyney! The greatest magician in all Teyvat! How are we feeling today? Excited? Surprised? Oh, you're curious how I appeared in front of you like this? Well... Hmm, your eyes are like topaz, precious, pure, and lovely. I like them! I've decided — I'm going to put on a show just for you. Watch carefully now. Blink, and you might miss it!
Chat: DistractionChat: DistractionMedia:VO_Lyney Chat - Distraction.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Chat_-_Distraction.ogg This is no time for distractions! Seriously, you have a great magician standing right here... You don't want to miss the best part, do you!?
Chat: SisterChat: SisterMedia:VO_Lyney Chat - Sister.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Chat_-_Sister.ogg I wonder what my dear sister Lynette is doing right now? Missing me to death, I'm sure!
Chat: Seeing is BelievingChat: Seeing is BelievingMedia:VO_Lyney Chat - Seeing is Believing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Chat_-_Seeing_is_Believing.ogg So long as the audience thinks that "seeing is believing," there's no limit to the number of tricks I can pull off!
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Lyney When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_When_It_Rains.ogg There's no way we'll be able to see the stars tonight in this weather. Unless... I try making the stars appear anyway!
After the RainAfter the RainMedia:VO_Lyney After the Rain.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_After_the_Rain.ogg Great, the weather's clearing up! I wonder if there's someone up there performing magic too...
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Lyney When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_When_It_Snows.ogg Achoo! Phew... I've heard some say that when you sneeze, it means that someone's thinking about you. Is it Lynette, I wonder? Or... is it you?
When It's WindyWhen It's WindyMedia:VO_Lyney When It's Windy.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_When_It%27s_Windy.ogg Whoa, that was close! If this wind blows my hat off, all the props I keep inside it would come tumbling down onto my head.
When the Wind Is BlowingWhen the Wind Is BlowingMedia:VO_Lyney When the Wind Is Blowing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_When_the_Wind_Is_Blowing.ogg The wind is really picking up... Ah, all my magic cards! Wait! No, no, not that way, come back! Come to Lyney!!!
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Lyney Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Good_Morning.ogg ...C'mon, just five more minutes... Huh? Oh! It's you! I thought it was the radiance of the sunlight on my skin that I felt — turns out it was your radiance all along!
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Lyney Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Good_Afternoon.ogg I'm going to check out some products used for magic tricks later this afternoon. Perhaps they'll spark some inspiration for some new tricks. Want to come along? Come on, don't be shy, you know you want to! You can feed some of my animal assistants I use in my shows — I'm sure you'll get along great!
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Lyney Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Good_Evening.ogg Good evening. The Great Magician Lyney will be performing later tonight... but I'm sure you didn't need me to tell you that!
Good Night Friendship Lv. 4Good Night Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Good_Night.ogg Good night. If you have trouble falling asleep, I have a few little props used for hypnosis that might help... Or maybe not. Either way, sweet dreams!
About Lyney: Sweet TalkerAbout Lyney: Sweet TalkerMedia:VO_Lyney About Lyney - Sweet Talker.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Lyney_-_Sweet_Talker.ogg I should probably emphasize again that I'm rarely so open with anyone — I guess it's because you're not just anyone.
About Lyney: Partnership Friendship Lv. 4About Lyney: Partnership Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney About Lyney - Partnership.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Lyney_-_Partnership.ogg *sigh* I'm afraid I'd find myself going into standby mode without Lynette by my side. I mean, I can handle my own business just fine, but it takes some getting used to. I'm sure you can understand. You also have... I mean... always have Paimon with you, after all.
About Us: Withholding the TruthAbout Us: Withholding the TruthMedia:VO_Lyney About Us - Withholding the Truth.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Us_-_Withholding_the_Truth.ogg Wow, you're not beating around the bush! ...Let me put it this way — delicious berries must often grow in areas thick with thorns, otherwise they would be devoured by greedy foxes. This is what we call self-defense! I mean, sure, I don't mind telling some small lies to others at times, but between the two of us, I've never done anything worse than omitting a minor detail here and there, right?
About Us: Principles Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Principles Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Lyney About Us - Principles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Us_-_Principles.ogg Magicians generally do not reveal the core secrets behind their tricks, but if you don't mind becoming my apprentice and calling me "Master Lyney," then that would be different. I'm curious how much of it you'd understand, and how long you'd last, hehe.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_the_Vision.ogg If a magician were to go onstage with their Vision in hand, people might suspect the authenticity of their tricks, so I habitually take it off before performing. But since you're interested, why don't you help me hold on to it while I perform? Just be sure to keep an eye on it, though — or it might just sneak its way back to me!
Something to ShareSomething to ShareMedia:VO_Lyney Something to Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Something_to_Share.ogg Magic isn't just a performance art, it's also a way of thinking. Many things in this world seem simple at first glance but play host to all sorts of secrets if you look deeper.
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Lyney Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Interesting_Things.ogg Cats can use their ears to express their feelings. If they flatten them backwards, it indicates fear or caution, and if their ears are perked up and occasionally face forward, that usually means they're happy. Constant swiveling indicates that they are vigilantly assessing their surroundings... How do I know this? Experience and observation!
About "Father": Family Friendship Lv. 4About "Father": Family Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney About Father - Family.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Father_-_Family.ogg "Father" gave us a family, raised us, and told each of us what we should work towards. In turn, what I can do is very simple... Remain loyal, and protect our home.
About "Father": King Friendship Lv. 6 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonAbout "Father": King Friendship Lv. 6 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMedia:VO_Lyney About Father - King.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Father_-_King.ogg Ours is a kingdom consisting only of children, and "Father" is our king. No king rules forever, of course, and I know that one day I will be chosen as "Father's" successor... But that also terrifies me... Please don't mention this to anyone, especially my sister and Freminet.
About Lynette: Modes Friendship Lv. 4About Lynette: Modes Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney About Lynette - Modes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Lynette_-_Modes.ogg You think my sister doesn't talk much? Oh, she's probably just not in the right mode. Next time, start by saying "Activate Chat Mode" to her. If you're lucky, she might have a great deal of things to say to you. Hmm, and if you're not lucky...? Well, she'll just stare for a while, but hey, at least you'll get to see a different side of her!
About Lynette: Twins Friendship Lv. 4About Lynette: Twins Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney About Lynette - Twins.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Lynette_-_Twins.ogg My sister and I have always been inseparable. There's no hardship we can't overcome as long as we're together, and similarly, we share all our joys with each other. There's nothing in the world I treasure more than my family, so I know what it must be like for you... And if I find out anything at all that might help you, I'll be sure to let you know.
About Freminet Friendship Lv. 4About Freminet Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney About Freminet.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Freminet.ogg My naive little brother still believes in fairy tales. I envy him, really. Uh, just to be clear though, he didn't actually tell me that. I just happened to see what he keeps in his secret drawer once... Really, it was an accident! So please don't tell him, or he'll get mad at me for sure.
About Neuvillette Friendship Lv. 4About Neuvillette Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney About Neuvillette.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Neuvillette.ogg Monsieur Neuvillette rarely appears in public, almost as if he's intentionally trying to put some distance between himself and the people. At first, I thought it might be just me, but my ever-observant sister noticed it too, so I suppose that must really be the case.
About Furina Friendship Lv. 4About Furina Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney About Furina.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Furina.ogg The Hydro Archon, Lady Furina, is very unpredictable, and her manner of speech can be quite provocative, almost as if she sees talking itself like some sort of performance. The people of Fontaine have a particular soft spot for excitement and drama, which is why many hold her in high esteem.
About Chiori Friendship Lv. 4About Chiori Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney About Chiori.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Chiori.ogg Flattery won't get you anywhere with her. She'll only give those who can truly appreciate her art a second look. How does she see me, you ask? Come on now, that hurts! Not only am I a connoisseur of the arts, but honest about it too, as I am in all my dealings!
About Navia Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonAbout Navia Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMedia:VO_Lyney About Navia.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Navia.ogg I didn't think that she'd be willing to help strangers like us. If it hadn't been for all of you, Lynette and I wouldn't have been acquitted... Thank you so much. I'll have to wait for a lovely, sunny day to invite everyone to Café Lutece for the most wonderful afternoon tea!
About Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonAbout Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4 As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonMedia:VO_Lyney About Charlotte.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Charlotte.ogg Charlotte has been trying to get me to agree to an interview ever since we met... Ugh, it feels like she's already asked twenty times now. She has a good nose for finding news, and she's the persistent type, too. But to be honest, I have no desire to find myself in the spotlight of one of her breaking news stories, and so I've found all sorts of reasons to decline each time.
About Clorinde Friendship Lv. 4About Clorinde Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney About Clorinde.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Clorinde.ogg Clorinde's quite famous as a Champion Duelist. But from what I've read in the papers, she seems to have gotten into a bit of a pickle. The media's been all over her story, and she's... Well, she's the type that definitely doesn't enjoy that kind of attention.
About Emilie Friendship Lv. 4About Emilie Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney About Emilie.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_About_Emilie.ogg Have you ever gotten a whiff of the perfumes she makes? I quite liked them and was thinking to buy myself a bottle... But Lynette's tail indicated that she didn't share my opinion, so that was the end of that!
More About Lyney: IMore About Lyney: IMedia:VO_Lyney More About Lyney - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_More_About_Lyney_-_01.ogg It seems we're both keenly interested in each other. Well, know that the honor is mine! Haha, relax. I couldn't ever tell lies to your mesmerizing eyes — not even if I tried!
More About Lyney: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Lyney: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Lyney More About Lyney - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_More_About_Lyney_-_02.ogg Of course, there's no way to ensure that you'll never slip up when performing magic tricks. The way I see it, the point is not to perform perfectly, but to stay calm at all times and adapt as needed. Even if some small flaws occur, you just need to make the audience believe that it's all part of the show, and you'll still deliver an entertaining and unforgettable performance!
More About Lyney: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Lyney: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney More About Lyney - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_More_About_Lyney_-_03.ogg As orphans without parents to shelter us, Lynette and I were forced to roam the streets since childhood, so we've been through a lot. But those experiences have also made us who we are today. We're doing alright these days. I have a hat full of hopes and dreams... Heh, and a family, and audience, hoping that I don't let them down!
More About Lyney: IV Friendship Lv. 5More About Lyney: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Lyney More About Lyney - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_More_About_Lyney_-_04.ogg Haha, so even now you still don't completely trust me, huh? You're a vigilant one — not that that's a bad thing. I'll never need to worry about you getting duped by someone else. But on the other hand, since you've taken it upon yourself to watch my every move, you'd better be careful when you blink... Who knows, I might just tell a huge, terrible lie while you're not paying attention! You'd be in a real pickle then, wouldn't you?
More About Lyney: V Friendship Lv. 6More About Lyney: V Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Lyney More About Lyney - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_More_About_Lyney_-_05.ogg Actually, the real me is nowhere near as outgoing or chatty as I appear. More often than not, I only work my verbal "magic" as a means of getting closer to people. Sometimes I think people would feel sorry for the real me. Do you? *sigh* Or do you find my little games absurd?
Lyney's HobbiesLyney's HobbiesMedia:VO_Lyney Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Hobbies.ogg Hey, what do we have here? Ah, a cute, little white rabbit — you like it? Curious about when it got here? You should be! Hehe, the look of amazement on our audience's face is what we magicians love the most.
Lyney's Troubles: It's All a DisguiseLyney's Troubles: It's All a DisguiseMedia:VO_Lyney Troubles - It's All a Disguise.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Troubles_-_It%27s_All_a_Disguise.ogg Ah, what to do, what to do? The thing that troubles me is... the fact that you can even think of troubling things when you have such a great magician like myself standing right in front of you.
Lyney's Troubles: Doves Friendship Lv. 4Lyney's Troubles: Doves Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Lyney Troubles - Doves.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Troubles_-_Doves.ogg In the past, I would let the doves I raised fly freely, and they would always return to me. But there was once when a few didn't return, and by the time we tracked them down, they'd been turned into dove pie. Even now I still don't know how to give them both freedom and safety.
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Lyney Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Favorite_Food.ogg See this fishbowl? Come, put your hand inside it. Filled with just ordinary water, right? Are you sure? Then let's begin! See this cloth? I'm going to cover the bowl with it and... Well, what do you know? There's a fish in there now! How was that? Maybe this fun little performance could earn me one of your very own fish dishes?
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Lyney Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg Our performances require that Lynette and I have matching physiques, so we have to avoid eating any oily food. Now, that's not a huge problem for me, but it can be tough for my sister — the fried fish they sell on the streets smells amazing, after all...
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Lyney Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg It's quite an honor to enjoy such wonderful food made by you.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Lyney Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg My, this is delicious! You're quite the cook. Thanks for the treat.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Lyney Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Would you like to see a magic trick? Now, let me place this ordinary cloth on top of the dish. Count down with me — three, two, one! Tada! Where'd the food go?
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Lyney Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Birthday.ogg I have a feather here, just an ordinary feather... Go ahead, you can hold it and see for yourself. Ready? And... boom! It was a party popper all along. Happy Birthday! See this? I caught one of the paper streamers floating down. Now, make a wish and picture a birthday gift in your mind's eye as I light it. Three... two... one... Great! Verrry good, I know exactly what you were thinking now. The last step, put your hand inside my hat... Well? Is it the gift you wanted?
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Lyney Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg Oho, and here I thought you'd ask me to perform some magic with these materials!
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Lyney Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg Would you be more shocked if nothing changed about me at all?
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Lyney Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg Nothing could make me happier than having your trust.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Lyney Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg Doing all this for me... Are you trying to steal this magician's heart, by any chance? Well, in that case, congratulations, my dear apprentice — or should I say, "companion." For you have succeeded!
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Lyney Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Step right up!Media:VO Lyney Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg And... voila!Media:VO Lyney Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Now, disappear!Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Lyney Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Here comes the finale!Media:VO Lyney Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Let's get this show on the road!Media:VO Lyney Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg A round of applause!Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Lyney Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Lyney Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Lyney Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndLyney does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Lyney Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Lyney Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Lyney Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Lyney Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg And now I'll make it all disappear... Hehe, just kidding~Media:VO Lyney Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg Guess this'll go into my magic pocket!Media:VO Lyney Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg I wonder if this chest is some kind of trick...Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Lyney Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Low_HP_01.ogg Magic can't cheat death, you know!Media:VO Lyney Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Low_HP_02.ogg Clever trick...Media:VO Lyney Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Low_HP_03.ogg It'll be alright.Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Lyney Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Why don't you let me take the stage!Media:VO Lyney Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Your timing's off!FallenFallenMedia:VO Lyney Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Fallen_01.ogg Lynette...Media:VO Lyney Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Fallen_02.ogg My show... mustn't fail...Media:VO Lyney Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Fallen_03.ogg Quick... drop the curtains...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Lyney Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg I'm fine.Media:VO Lyney Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Lyney Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Lyney Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Lyney Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Lyney Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Lyney Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Stay calm, stay calm...Media:VO Lyney Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Lyney Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Lyney Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Lyney Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Lyney Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Lyney Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Joining_Party_01.ogg Ah, we'll be a traveling magic troupe.Media:VO Lyney Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Joining_Party_02.ogg Prepare to be amazed.Media:VO Lyney Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Joining_Party_03.ogg It's an honor to be here.Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Lyney does not feature any Character Idles Voice-Overs.Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Lyney Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Lyney Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Lyney Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Lyney Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Lyney Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Lyney Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Lyney Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Lyney Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Lyney Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Lyney Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Lyney Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Lyney Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Lyney Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Lyney Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Lyney Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Lyney Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Lyney Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Lyney Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Lyney Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Lyney Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Lyney Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Lyney Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Lyney Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Lyney Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Lyney_Jumping_05.ogg 
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
Lyney can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining him and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.
Lyney has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsPerfectly-Drawn Focus 20 2 20,000Court of Justice's Booming Commerce 20 1 20,000
Media:vo lyney mimitomo hello 01.ogg Lyney: Hey, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)!
Media:vo lyney mimitomo hello 02.ogg Lyney: I just knew you would be making an appearance here!
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Lyney: Your home is breathtaking! Even a legendary magician like myself can confidently say I've never seen or heard of anything like it!
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Lyney: But were I to say I've already gotten completely used to it... Would you think I'm lying?
 Sure doesn't seem like the truth.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg Lyney: Aw, that really hurts my feelings...
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg Lyney: But, I was really being honest this time!
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg Lyney: Well, looks like I've got no choice but to stay here for a while longer! After all, it will take some time for me to win your trust again.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03a 4.ogg Lyney: ...You won't kick me out, right?
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg Lyney: Hehe, I'm honored to have gained your trust.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg Lyney: It's almost impossible for me to lie to your face... Maybe it's because I can't bear to see that hurt expression of yours.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg Lyney: Ahem, but back to the topic at hand! Since you care about me so much, surely you would also want me to extend my stay?
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship1 03b 4.ogg Lyney: In which case, I'll be looking forward to more of your hospitality!
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Lyney: Sure thing! Say, why don't you take a look at my hat? Do you see anything different about it?
 Huh... Don't think there's any difference.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Lyney: Ah, but that just means you need to look at it more carefully! Just come a bit closer.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Lyney: So, do you have the answer? Is it the pattern, or the color? You should have seen this hat many times before.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 04a.ogg Lyney: *sigh* What a pity... Although, your conclusion is actually correct.
 Is it bigger or smaller than before?
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 04b.ogg Lyney: No, the whole thing was misdirection.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Lyney: I just played a little trick, and stole something of yours. And after that, I also slipped a card into your bag.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Lyney: Now, can you guess what I stole from you?
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 07a 1.ogg Lyney: Haha, I really am quite the little thief with a nose for Mora! No wonder my pockets are always overflowing.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 07a 2.ogg Lyney: What I actually stole, however, was your "attention." That's something far more valuable than Mora!
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 07b 1.ogg Lyney: A most unexpected answer! I have to say, even my heart has begun to race too.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 07b 2.ogg Lyney: What I actually stole, however, was your "attention." Even though it's not nearly as valuable as your heart, it's still very important to us magicians nonetheless!
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 07c.ogg Lyney: Bingo! Congratulations, that was the right answer.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Lyney: As long as you understand and master this trick, and put some time into practicing movement, you, too, can become an outstanding magician.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Lyney: ...Okay, you can return my card to me now.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Lyney: As you're the owner, there is one matter on which I would like to inquire your opinion.
 ...Huh? Why so formal all of a sudden...
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Lyney: From what I can see, not only is the environment here quite comfortable, but the security is also beyond reproach. It seems this would be a great place to raise pets.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 03a 1.ogg Lyney: Just so you know... I've already greeted them. Politely, of course.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 03a 2.ogg Lyney: I refrained from touching them or feeding them anything I had brought with me. Such actions require your permission first, no?
 Why do I feel like you're being exceptionally earnest today...
 I don't really have much experience with pets...
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 03b 1.ogg Lyney: No problem. As long as you aren't opposed to the idea, I'm happy to share my knowledge on the subject with you.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 03b 2.ogg Lyney: Naturally, if you have any concerns, I will respect your thoughts and decisions.
 Why do I feel like you're being exceptionally earnest today...
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Lyney: Hehe, is it because I'm usually dramatic and flamboyant? That could have left you with a rather one-sided impression.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Lyney: If that's the case, I really ought to do a good bit of self-reflection!
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Lyney: Anyway, I just want to find a warm, free, and peaceful home for all of my animal assistants.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Lyney: A place where they'll always enjoy care and being lovingly looked after, with no need to worry about food or shelter...
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Lyney: To be perfectly honest with you, this is by far the best choice for them that I know of... but I wouldn't want you to feel pressured to take them in, or to persuade you using honeyed words.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Lyney: But if you really were willing to take them in of your own free will, truly, that would be wonderful.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo morning 01.ogg Lyney: Good morning, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)!
Media:vo lyney mimitomo morning 02.ogg Lyney: It would be great if I could see you every morning.
Media:vo lyney mimitomo night 01.ogg Lyney: Good night, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo lyney mimitomo night 02.ogg Lyney: If you ever have trouble falling asleep, I'd be happy to count cats with you until you drift off.
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.
Court of Justice's Booming Commerce[]
Media:vo mimitomo fd lyney businessdistrict 01.ogg Lyney: Wow, you really thought of everything! I just love this style of table and chairs! The color, the design... so many memories.
Media:vo mimitomo fd lyney businessdistrict 02.ogg Lyney: It takes me right back to when Lynette and I were little, and we used to do magic tricks on the street. Just like this: Check your pockets.
Media:vo mimitomo fd lyney businessdistrict 03.ogg Lyney: Haha, yep, you guessed it — I made my move while you were focused on the table and chairs.
Media:vo mimitomo fd lyney stagestyle 01.ogg Lyney: I assume, since you've taken the trouble to set up this gorgeous stage, that you're hoping to host a spectacular performance here.
Media:vo mimitomo fd lyney stagestyle 02.ogg Lyney: Hey, how about the greatest magician in all of Teyvat? It just so happens that he has an open slot in his schedule at this very moment...
Media:vo mimitomo fd lyney stagestyle 03.ogg Lyney: It looks like you may be the only audience member — but don't worry. The show will go ahead as scheduled.
Released in Version 4.0[Edit History]Version 4.3
The following Furnishing Sets were assigned as favorite for this character:
Court of Justice's Booming Commerce
