As the General Mahamatra, Cyno leads the Matra and strikes fear into the hearts of researchers of the Sumeru Akademiya. In spite of this, Cyno has a fun side outside of his role in the Akademiya, as he has an affinity for Genius Invokation TCG and constantly cracks unfunny jokes.
Cyno's outfit. This garb displays the General Mahamatra's dignity and the just principles he sticks by. It was a rather complicated piece to commission due to Cyno's request for the custom-made head ornaments and requires regular maintenance.
Unlocked upon obtaining character
Heart of the Scales is Cyno's Default Character Outfit.
Cyno's clothes appear to be inspired by traditional outfits that were worn during the Ancient Egyptian civilization. His headpiece resembles the head of Anubis, a jackal-headed deity, also known as the God of the dead, mummification, and weigher of souls. The kilt-like garment Cyno wears is reminiscent of the Shendyt, which was a popular men's clothing, usually depicted on Ancient Egyptian commoners, rulers and even deities. For his footwear, he wears stirrups that connect to toe rings that leave his heels and toes exposed.
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Cyno 1.mp4      Media:Idle Cyno 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Cyno.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Cyno.mp4      Media:Party Setup Cyno.mp4      
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishHeart of the Scales—Chinese(Simplified)衡断之心Héngduàn zhī XīnHeart of JudgmentChinese(Traditional)衡斷之心Héngduàn zhī XīnJapanese裁量の心Sairyou no KokoroHeart of JudgmentKorean판결의 심장Pangyeol-ui SimjangHeart of JudgmentSpanishAlma sobre una balanzaSoul on a ScaleFrenchCœur des balancesHeart of the ScalesRussianНеподкупностьNepodkupnost'IncorruptibilityThaiดวงหทัยพิพากษาDuang Ha-thai Phi-phak-saHeart of JudgementVietnameseTrái Tim Quyết ĐoánHeart of AssertionGermanEntschlossenes HerzResolute HeartIndonesianHeart of the Scales—PortugueseCoração das BalançasHeart of the ScalesTurkishTerazinin KalbiThe Scale's HeartItalianCuore della bilanciaHeart of the Scale
Released in Version 3.1[Create New History]
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
The General Mahamatra of the Akademiya, leader of all the Matras. He has a unique sense of humor that never fails to leave a deep impression.—Description from the Official Website[1]
The General Mahamatra in charge of supervising the researchers of the Akademiya. It is said that when he gets down to work, the General Mahamatra is even more sufficient than the "Great Vayuvyastra" made by the Kshahrewar.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Cyno is a curt, stoic and generally emotionless young man with a ruthlessness and vicious approach to his duty as a matra that make him intimidating and unapproachable. He cares little for niceties or social gatherings and is known throughout Sumeru for his ruthless efficiency at upholding the law.
Despite his young age, Cyno holds the position of General Mahamatra in the Akademiya and takes his position seriously. Cyno is extremely dedicated to upholding the Akademiya's rules and punishing any transgressions, to such an extent that even the sages of the Akademiya (ostensibly his superiors) are wary of him. Notoriously, Cyno will relentlessly pursue any individuals that try to flee his judgment, even across the desert — a trait that, in combination with his prowess as a hunter and warrior, makes escaping from Cyno nigh impossible. Due to this, Cyno's name is infamous within Sumeru and many scholars fear the prospect of ever meeting him, despite the fact that he only handles cases of significant interest.
Notably, Cyno idolizes "justice" above all; though this predominantly manifests in his pursuit of suspected criminals, Cyno will also protect criminals from any danger that arises during their escape attempts until they can, in his view, be properly judged by the Akademiya. Although he is often viewed by the Akademiya's scholars as an obstacle or a threat to their research (complaints to which Cyno is indifferent), Cyno views his role as that of a protector, preventing seekers of knowledge from being led astray and becoming dangers to both themselves and the world. However his being blessed with an Electro Vision suggests that his view of justice is closer to a desire to preserve the law, which he holds as eternal, rather than being interested in justice in and of itself.
Despite his seriousness in academics and work-related matters, Cyno is fairly relaxed outside of Akademiya duties, being an avid fan of Genius Invokation TCG. He shows concern for Collei, frequently visiting her when he has the time to ensure that she's doing well, as well as harboring friendships with Tighnari, Alhaitham and Kaveh. Despite his intentions to put people at ease, he maintains his emotionless, harsh attitude in most situations, even outside of work. Aware that his reputation as General Mahamatra often intimidates those around him (even his fellow Matras), Cyno tells jokes as a way to help people relax around him, though his jokes are generally unfunny and his long-winded attempts to explain them even more so.
Cyno also confesses to a fondness for the desert from which he hails, finding himself most at ease there and often taking nighttime strolls there to help himself relax.
Cyno uses the medium male model. He has tan skin, red-orange eyes, and medium-length gray hair.
Cyno is depicted wearing a large, black cape including a hood with what looks like jackal ears sewn on it. His cape seems to take inspiration from Northern Africa, showing some similarities with the large capes worn in the Sahara in order to avoid the heat, and to stay protected during sandstorms.
The law is just, and there is no escape for the guilty
Many researchers at the Akademiya fear that the General Mahamatra will interfere with their research. However, it seems that they are worrying about nothing. Most of them do not produce results worthy of his visit.—A reply given by Forest Watcher Tighnari when Collei asked a question about the General Mahamatra.
If an Akademiya researcher is required to have a formal meeting with the General Mahamatra, Cyno, it usually does not bode well.
In general, a personal visit from Cyno implies that these researchers are perpetrators of serious academic offences: plagiarism, bribery, academic fraud, false declarations, misappropriation of funds, malicious competition, appropriation of someone else's dissertations, and more... The only thing left for these researchers to do is to follow the General Mahamatra and face disciplinary action.
But these researchers will not accept their sentence so easily.
Most of them try to bribe the General Mahamatra with Mora. These "wealthy people" will then be punished even more severely. Meanwhile, some choose to use force in an irrational act of recalcitrance... After paying the price for their defiance, they are subjected to a harsher sentence.
Others, at their wits' end, even feign madness, claiming memory loss or pleading insanity in a desperate attempt to escape punishment.
However, General Mahamatra Cyno has unfailing patience when dealing with these people. In his own words:
"As a Matra, it is one of my duties to help people 'remember' the mistakes they have made."
As the leader of all Matra, General Mahamatra Cyno is well known to everyone in the Akademiya.His duties are to arrest those who violate the Akademiya's rules and regulations, terminate illegal studies, and uphold discipline of the Akademiya. Nevertheless, researchers feel that this General Mahamatra does nothing but undermine academic progress and prohibit scientific research. Some even claim that he is "cutting off the path to knowledge" and can be seen as a dire threat to any researcher eager to seek knowledge...Over time, researchers have come to shrink away from Cyno in silence whenever they so much as see him, wanting to have nothing to do with him.But the General Mahamatra is hardly bothered by such things.If this exaggerated public image can really deter some researchers, that will in no way be an inconvenience for his work.Plus, in the words of that Forest Watcher friend of his,"The research conducted by most researchers is nowhere significant enough to result in a talk with a Matra."Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
Wisdom can bring enlightenment to scholars, but can also lead to utter arrogance.In the history of the Akademiya, many researchers have used their "wisdom" to commit crimes.For example, in order to test the limit of the Specters' body inflation, one Amurta researcher adopted an illegal catalyst and created a mega-sized Specter, which later exploded during the experiment and leveled the entire research center. Then, there was a researcher from Spantamad who had aimed to test a Ruin Guard's ability to cultivate fields, but lost control of the modified machine, resulting in the ruin of many farmlands and grave injuries for several farmers. There have also been numerous criminal cases concerning academic fraud and the abuse of intelligence for personal gain...Such researchers, who do not abide by the law and pose dangers to others, will all be pursued and judged by the Matra led by Cyno.When they stand before the Matra, these researchers will almost always spare no effort to justify themselves. Their reasons have included but are not limited to suddenly cut funds, the Akademiya's favoritism towards other researchers, the results of their work being stolen... Some may even accuse the Matra of stopping them from completing their research out of jealousy of their talents.Cyno's response to such sophistry is always to stay silent and press forward in subduing all those garrulous criminals and sending them to trial.Those who violate the rules can always come up with a million excuses. However, only one ending awaits them.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
The name of the General Mahamatra has traveled well beyond the Akademiya's walls.According to a Forest Watcher in the Avidya Forest, he once caught a glimpse of this General Mahamatra quietly traveling through the woods in the middle of the night. A person living on the outskirts of Apam Woods can still clearly remember how a white-haired teenager asked them for a bowl of water, before venturing deep into the forest alone with just a traveling pack on his back. Adventurers resting in Sobek Oasis claim to have given directions to Cyno, though the area he was heading to had been packed with monsters. Even the proudest mercenaries and Treasure Hoarders in the Great Red Sand dare not make things difficult for the General Mahamatra, having learned this lesson well from the example of a mercenary group that was annihilated in the desert for sheltering wanted researchers.However, for those criminals who have fallen into the hands of Cyno, their reverence for the General Mahamatra usually comes from another aspect of his character.When escaping from the Akademiya, criminals tend to flee in an extreme panic, and can sometimes stray into perilous places. Yet, instead of letting them suffer the consequences, Cyno will come to their rescue without hesitation, just so that he can bring them back to the Akademiya to face their proper punishment.Once, a criminal who had crossed the Great Red Sand with Cyno asked him about the point of doing all this. Cyno replied,"Only the law can judge you, and my role here is to bring you to face the scales."After being released from prison, the researcher, who had been a Vahumana graduate, turned their adventures returning to the Akademiya into a novel titled "The Goon," which remains a bestseller in the Akademiya. The researcher was even invited by Vahumana to give a lecture, during which they went into great detail about the portrayal of "justice" in the book.If you ask Cyno, however, he would say that certain parts of the book were heavily exaggerated. In truth, they did not encounter any monsters created by the descendants of King Deshret, nor did they stray into a living labyrinth at the bottom of the desert or survive a sandstorm in the folds of a humongous sandworm.Nevertheless, Cyno did appreciate the candidness with which the author described their own crimes, and would like to remind them to not commit such crimes ever again.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
In the Akademiya, the mere mention of the Matra's office can make any researcher's heart seize up.Apart from the renowned "evil deeds" of the Matra, what disturbs them even more is how creepy, dry laughter can be heard from the office whenever Cyno walks in...Researchers firmly believe that this must be the Matra's way of expressing smug satisfaction at the sight of Cyno passing judgment on some hapless researcher.But only the Matra know that the laughter is a response to Cyno's unique sense of humor."I once worked on a case where the researcher involved was under great pressure because his paper had been rejected multiple times at the review stage. He eventually rammed it through by successfully bribing the members of his review committee. However, the data in that paper was so wrong that it didn't even take long to be exposed as academic fraud. When I went to arrest this researcher, he asked me 'what have I done wrong?'..."After a pause, Cyno continued,"I answered, 'Your paper.'"Seeing the Matra all sit there in silence, Cyno seemed to be worried that they did not get the joke, so he went on to explain it with a serious expression,"You see, the interesting part of this story lies in how, when he asked me what he had done wrong, he expected me to say that his fault lay with his bribing of the committee due to academic pressure, yet I told him that his error was in not reaching the correct conclusions in his paper. The clever part about this joke is that I changed the subject that was being discussed..."After he finished explaining, the Matra all exchanged looks before letting out a few dry, strangled laughs in concert...The awkward laughter lent a strange sense of human warmth then to the often somber and solemn Matra office.However, to prevent such an awkward situation from ever happening again, the Matra gradually came to a consensus that after Cyno finishes telling a joke, everyone in the room must force out a laugh or two in response so that he will not start explaining it.On the other hand, any Matra who attempts to imitate Cyno's style will be harshly punished by the others through extreme means such as confiscating their canteen meal tickets.After all, one Cyno is enough for the whole division.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
Cyno has always believed that the Matra are not the enemies of those who seek knowledge.Cyrus, a scholar who tutored Cyno before, once told him that without the Akademiya's laws, "wisdom" will soon turn into "calamity."These floating scraps of out-of-control "wisdom" are like bait on a sea of ignorance, luring innocent knowledge seekers into the abyss.They will make researchers far too arrogant and reckless, to the point where they may even attempt to tamper with life and death due to their lack of respect for human life. Eventually, they shall cause irreparable damage to the world.The sages keep introducing new rules and regulations precisely to ensure that the knowledge seekers of the Akademiya will not be misled and go astray because of such bait.The Matra who hunt down those who violate the law and judge them according to those same laws are in fact the "guardians" of all those who seek knowledge in the Akademiya.However, in the eyes of researchers, they are but a bunch of "demolishers" who constantly, violently cut off their paths to knowledge."Dumb humanoid Fungi," "Mr. You-Can't-Do-This," "Paper Shredders"... These are all nicknames they have come up with for the Matra.Among them, the most notorious one is "the Akademiya's Sumpter Beasts," a name coined by a Haravatat researcher.When they first heard of this nickname, most of the Matra were rather enraged, reckoning that the researchers thought too little of their hard work.On the contrary, Cyno noted that he actually fancied it quite a bit."We Matra are indeed Sumpter Beasts who walk the Akademiya's halls, carrying the rules and regulations on our backs.""When exercising our rights, each of us must always keep that weight in mind."After pondering the matter for a while, this General Mahamatra added,"Plus, we could stand to be more like Sumpter Beasts in avoiding pointless arguments and focusing on, ahem, getting to our desired destination."Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6
When the Akademiya was first established, its researchers wielded their boundless imagination and innovation to the fullest with the abundant resources available at their beck and call.They had reshaped terrain, controlled the weather, recreated ancient relics... But when the knowledge of the earth could no longer satisfy their insatiable curiosity, some researchers turned their focus to the starry skies, whereas some others attempted to tamper with life and death.However, these kinds of knowledge were not things they should or could have touched upon.To prevent researchers from being devastated by their own knowledge, the sages laid out six cardinal sins.They held that all the crimes in this world derive from these six sins.The first is to interfere with human evolution;The second is to tamper with life and death;The third is to delve beyond the universe;The fourth is to investigate the origin of words;The fifth is to revere gods without acts of devotion;The sixth is to attempt the forbidden and fear none.Since then, the sages have been introducing new rules and regulations according to these six deadly sins while amending and revising old ones. The Matra enforce the laws, and the researchers perform their roles accordingly as well.In this way, everything in the Akademiya functions in a desirable manner, and the Akademiya and its researchers have been marching forward with thriving clarity of wisdom ever since.As time has passed, the six ancient sins seem to have been forgotten by most, and ambitious people have been on the move since...However, for Cyno, the current General Mahamatra, what he ought to do has not changed.He will, according to the six ancient deadly sins, justly judge all the lawbreakers.Even sages shall not be exempt.Cyno's Genius Invokation TCG Deck Box Friendship Lv. 4
This deck box, which contains Cyno's Genius Invokation TCG deck, is his favorite physical possession.The exterior of this deck box is wrapped with multiple layers of high-quality leather, and every seam has been carefully handled. As long as the rope fixed on the leather remains tightly tied, the entire deck box will be completely sealed, and not even a drop of water can get through. The interior is padded with silk, which can minimize the bending of card corners. According to the shop owner, the silk used was all imported from Liyue and made from top-quality Silk Flowers. This deck box even comes with a tough leather strap, so the buyer can easily affix the box to any part of their body. The surface of the deck box is even engraved with the Genius Invokation TCG emblem and the name of one who purchased it.Cyno has put his strongest deck in this box. He believes that as long as he gets to duel with this deck, he will be nothing short of invincible.Of course, the next thing to do is to find a couple players who are willing to play against him.Hmm... Would that Forest Watcher be available at the moment?Vision Friendship Lv. 6
When it comes to how Cyno got his Vision, many versions of the story can be found circulating in the Akademiya.Some say that he was once instructed to arrest a researcher who had been studying methods of making counterfeit Visions. The researcher had previously bought a masterless Vision for research, which then became Cyno's Vision. Some believe that Cyno is actually a descendant of King Deshret. They say that he grew up in a temple located in the Great Red Sand and was raised by a nameless Hermanubis priest who cultivated Cyno's will and strength before, when he was ready, bestowing upon him a Vision and requiring him to cross the desert all by himself to arrive at the Akademiya and enact Hermanubis' will. Of course, according to some conspiracy theories, Cyno's Vision is closely connected with certain forbidden technologies hidden within the Akademiya. Otherwise, how could this member of the desert ilk earn a spot in the Akademiya?No one dares to check any of the stories' authenticity with Cyno in person, and Cyno himself cannot be bothered to waste energy on these ridiculous rumors.The truth is that the way he obtained his Vision was rather simple.It was the day before he was about to become the new General Mahamatra. As per usual, after finishing his work as a Matra, Cyno went to the library to read books relating to the Akademiya's rules and regulations. He can still well remember that the book he was reading that day mainly talked about the six cardinal sins that the sages had decided on, which they held to be the origins of all crimes and thus served as the foundation for all the modern rules and regulations of the Akademiya. While he was reading the chapter on the sin of divulging secrets without a hint of fear, he failed to fathom some chunks of the content depicted in the book, so he closed his eyes and ruminated. The moment he opened his eyes, the first thing he saw was a Vision, laid nicely on the page.Cyno looked at the Vision and fell into contemplation. He first confirmed that there was no existing rule that prohibited someone from being granted a Vision. Then he went over several academic cases with Visions involved and ensured that this Vision was not some malicious trap. He went on to ponder the challenges he might encounter after becoming the General Mahamatra and how this Vision might help in these future trials... After carefully weighing up the pros and cons, Cyno finally accepted this gift from the gods earnestly.By then, the morning light was already shining through the windows. Cyno left the library with the Vision and his as-yet-unfinished read in hand before heading over to the location where he was to be inaugurated as the General Mahamatra.If all went well, in half an hour, he would become the Akademiya's new General Mahamatra.He was about to be entrusted with the sacred power to judge those who had erred, and this Vision would ensure that this sacred privilege could be exercised as intended.
Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with CynoDescription:Whenever Cyno falls into a profound silence, he must be considering some weighty judgment... Or perhaps he is simply considering something amusing.
Lupus AureusStory Chapter:Lupus AureusMeaning:Golden Wolf 
Archon QuestsChapter IIIAct III: Dreams, Emptiness, DeceptionThe Four at LoggerheadsAct IV: King Deshret and the Three MagiThe Missing Village KeepersCry From the Eleazar HospitalSecret of the Scorching DesertAct V: Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesThrough the Predawn NightAs by a God's SideJnagarbha DayWhere the Boat of Consciousness Lies (cutscene)A Toast to VictoryStory QuestsLupus Aureus Chapter (Cyno)Act I: Sands of SolitudeSuspicious Smuggling CaseChain of InterestsAll Returns to SilenceAct II: OathkeeperThe Mysterious LetterAfter ReposeFootprints Sunken Beneath the SandsSage of SagesThe Dead Past is the Living PresentVultur Volans Chapter (Alhaitham)Act I: The Illusions of the MobPride and PrejudiceHangout EventsKavehAct I: The Pendulum of Weal and WoeTreasure and True InterestWondrous TimesWorld QuestsNext Time, On King of Invokations...EventsFabulous Fungus FrenzyAct II: Nilotpala Cup: Debut MatchWindblume's BreathWindblume FestivalPart I: A Gathering of OutlandersPart II: A Riddle Amidst the CrowdsPart III: Joy Above the CloudsA Parade of ProvidenceAct I: Comings and GoingsOpening FestivitiesAct II: Beginnings and EndingsCompetition on the SandsAct III: Gatherings and PartingsTo Claim the Crown (cutscene)The Arc of IntellectDuel! The Summoners' Summit!Round 4: Culminate! Chatter of Joyous DreamsWeb EventsTrial of the Scorching SandsPaimon's Starlight ExpeditionGlittering ElixirsDiscover Teyvat
QuestsAll Returns to Silence in Cyno's Story Quest, Lupus Aureus Chapter: Act I - Sands of SolitudeSuspicious Smuggling Case in Cyno's Story Quest, Lupus Aureus Chapter: Act I - Sands of SolitudeThe Dead Past is the Living Present in Cyno's Story Quest, Lupus Aureus Chapter: Act II - OathkeeperQuest DomainsCourt of Desolation — All Returns to Silence in Cyno's Story Quest, Lupus Aureus Chapter: Act I - Sands of SolitudeEventsHyakunin Ikki 2022-10-10Misty Dungeon: Realm of SandVibro-Crystal VerificationBrewing DevelopmentsFayz Trials: HypothesisMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterTriumphant FrenzyVibro-Crystal ApplicationsTest Run EventsCyno, Venti, Candace, Kuki Shinobu, Sayu — 2022-09-28Dehya, Cyno, Bennett — 2023-03-01Cyno, Kamisato Ayato, Kirara, Kuki Shinobu — 2023-11-28
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesAlhaithamCharacter Story 2ColleiAs General Mahamatra:Character Story 1VisionFaruzanVairambhaka GearSethosCharacter Story 2Character Story 3Character Story 5TighnariCharacter Story 4Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversAlhaithamAbout Cyno Media:VO_Alhaitham About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Alhaitham About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Alhaitham About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Alhaitham About Cyno.ogg The hivemind case certainly added to the matra's workload, but my conscience is clear. The root cause of what ultimately transpired actually has nothing to do with me at all. I'm sure Cyno appreciates that, as he hasn't once approached me about the incident.CandaceAbout Cyno Media:VO_Candace About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Candace About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Candace About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Candace About Cyno.ogg In the past, it was rare to see the Akademiya's General Mahamatra on this side of the Wall of Samiel, but recently he has been showing up here all the time. I believe that the Eremites have some truly terrifying stories to tell about him...About Sethos Media:VO_Candace About Sethos.ogg Media:VO ZH_Candace About Sethos.ogg Media:VO JA_Candace About Sethos.ogg Media:VO KO_Candace About Sethos.ogg The sons and daughters of King Deshret are a proud people, and he is no exception. I have heard his tale, of Hermanubis's glory dwelling within a worthy vessel. I also understand he has been active in Sumeru City recently? Apparently, he has spoken to Cyno and other friends of his plans to visit Aaru Village. I look forward to hosting him.ColleiAbout Cyno Media:VO_Collei About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei About Cyno.ogg Um... I'd rather not talk about him, if that's okay? Oh, no — the General Mahamatra isn't a bad guy or anything. Matter of fact, I have him to thank for bringing me back from Mondstadt to Sumeru and finding me a safe place to stay. It's just that... whenever I'm reminded of the sealing process just before leaving Mondstadt... ooh... the back of my neck starts hurting again...About Kaveh Media:VO_Collei About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei About Kaveh.ogg The General Mahamatra once brought him to our place for a meal. From the moment the fruit arrived on the table, he ranted non-stop about his difficult and stubborn roommate for the entire meal. We didn't get a single word in the whole time. We just nodded along and tried to stifle our laughter. It took a lot of effort.DehyaAbout Cyno Media:VO_Dehya About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Dehya About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Dehya About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Dehya About Cyno.ogg The General Mahamatra? Doesn't suffer fools gladly, and certainly doesn't beat around the bush. Having seen the way he works, he gets a thumbs up from me.DoriAbout Cyno Media:VO_Dori About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Dori About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Dori About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Dori About Cyno.ogg You could say I know him. After all, I was the only merchant in all Sumeru who could acquire the full range of Genius Invokation TCG merch for him! Not bad, huh? I've gotta admit, it's pretty rare to see anyone from the Akademiya like him... independent and with a good head on his shoulders. Plus, he's never been one to haggle over prices.FaruzanAbout Cyno Media:VO_Faruzan About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Faruzan About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Faruzan About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Faruzan About Cyno.ogg Cyno's jokes are composed using modern words and language patterns, but I still struggle to decipher any hidden meaning from his grammar and prose... Huh? It's all just literal meanings and homophones? Really...? Then, those jokes don't have any substance at all...KavehAbout Tighnari Media:VO_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Ah, Tighnari... He's one of the nicest guys you could know. If you've met him, you'll know what I mean. He's kind, and he has enormous expertise in his field, but he never brags about it in front of other people. And he seems to genuinely care about his work.Back when I was building the Palace of Alcazarzaray, I asked him for some tips on how to pick out the right ornamental plants. After he wrote back to me, he also helped me out with some other issues, too. Oh, and I almost forgot — he was the one who first introduced me to Cyno.About Cyno Media:VO_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Cyno can come across as cold and ruthless, but he's actually a very big-hearted guy. I still remember how shocked I was when Tighnari said he was gonna introduce me to his best friend, and then a couple of seconds later, an incredibly intimidating matra comes walking through the door... I honestly never expected to meet a matra who's so comfortable hanging out with scholars. Gotta say though, I can't stand his sense of humor. It really makes my skin crawl. If he ever invites you to a meal at Tighnari's place, make sure someone's bringing beer, because no one should have to endure Cyno's humor while sober.LaylaAbout Cyno Media:VO_Layla About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Layla About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Layla About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Layla About Cyno.ogg The General Mahamatra is really good at Genius Invokation TCG? Ooh, I wonder if... I mean, if I ever got the chance, maybe I could play a game with him. Card games like Genius Invokation TCG are always easier when you're good at mental math, so actually, I... I dunno, but... I might not necessarily lose to him.LisaAbout Cyno Media:VO_Lisa About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lisa About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Lisa About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Lisa About Cyno.ogg I've barely kept in touch with anyone from the Akademiya since leaving Sumeru, except for the occasional letters to my teachers out of basic courtesy. Fortunately, not every promising student turned out as lazy as I am... I heard that one of my juniors, Cyno, now leads quite the action-packed life.NahidaAbout Cyno: Jokes Media:VO_Nahida About Cyno - Jokes.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nahida About Cyno - Jokes.ogg Media:VO JA_Nahida About Cyno - Jokes.ogg Media:VO KO_Nahida About Cyno - Jokes.ogg His jokes are like buried treasure: gems hidden beneath the surface. They're a lot of fun. Hmm? Well, which part didn't you get? Okay, I can explain it for you.About Cyno: Duty Media:VO_Nahida About Cyno - Duty.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nahida About Cyno - Duty.ogg Media:VO JA_Nahida About Cyno - Duty.ogg Media:VO KO_Nahida About Cyno - Duty.ogg Not every General Mahamatra would take such a clear-cut and decisive stance when faced with a conflict between order and justice. He must know only too well that compromise is a path that leads to a dead end, so it's extremely fortunate for all of Sumeru that he's now been able to return to his rightful post.NilouAbout Cyno Media:VO_Nilou About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nilou About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Nilou About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Nilou About Cyno.ogg I don't really like interacting with people from the Akademiya because they don't view the arts too kindly. I often wonder what they do when they're bored... Huh, Cyno plays Genius Invokation TCG? I can't believe it...SethosAbout Cyno Media:VO_Sethos About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sethos About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Sethos About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Sethos About Cyno.ogg Cyno is truly outstanding — absolutely a worthy heir to Henrmanubis's power. As General Mahamatra, he has the utmost reverence for knowledge and wisdom. If the Akademiya and the Temple of Silence do start working together again, I'll take comfort in the fact that he's there.Oh yeah, and another great thing about Cyno: You know the way he talks? It's just... so funny.About Tighnari Media:VO_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Tighnari's made of strong stuff. I only found out after the fact that he doesn't cope well with the desert climate — never would've guessed from how he performed in the Rite of Duels. I was also surprised when he sent me a letter inviting me to visit Gandharva Ville, saying it would be a good chance to meet some of Cyno's friends. Are those guys always such a hoot with their jokes? Dinner with them must be hilarious — I can't wait!TighnariAbout Cyno: General Mahamatra Media:VO_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogg You want to see Cyno...? Well, firstly, a word of caution: if he ever comes chasing you down for work-related reasons, prepare for the nightmare of a lifetime. Other than that, General Mahamatra is a high-ranking position, so it usually isn't easy to find him. But he does occasionally go to Gandharva Ville to see Collei. As much as he might want to stay unnoticed, he can't fool my ears.About Cyno: Good Question Media:VO_Tighnari About Cyno - Good Question.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Cyno - Good Question.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Cyno - Good Question.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Cyno - Good Question.ogg After my adviser's rescue, I wrote him a letter to send my regards. To my surprise, he wrote back saying that someone had already given him my regards in person. He ended the letter with a question "The General Mahamatra said he hopes that the sages will enjoy 'a more tasteful reputation' thanks to the efforts of our Darshan. Whatever do you suppose he meant by 'a more tasteful reputation'?" ...It's a good question. I'd like to know, too.About Lisa Media:VO_Tighnari About Lisa.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Lisa.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Lisa.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Lisa.ogg Cyno has mentioned her before — an extraordinary genius with a veritable wealth of knowledge and talent. A pity that she returned to Mondstadt so long ago. Perhaps, in the course of her study, she witnessed the horrifying side of knowledge...About Sethos Media:VO_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Media:VO JA_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Media:VO KO_Tighnari About Sethos.ogg Sethos? Pretty interesting guy. He's like a distant cousin of Cyno's. Really easy to get along with. Last time he visited us in Gandharva Ville, he insisted on showing off his tent-pitching skills and had a fishing competition with Cyno. Collei got really upset, because she thought there was nothing for her to do anymore...People say Sethos is good at keeping himself amused — he certainly seems pretty cheerful. But he takes his work very seriously. Hmm, although I don't know how accurate "work" is — I think he sees his role at the Temple of Silence as more of a kind of duty. Anyway, if you ever find yourself needing assistance in the desert, I'm sure he'd be a good person to go to.MailsSenderMailsColleiAw, What to do... (Birthday Mail)
Yet Another Gathering... (2023-06-23)Duels... (2024-06-23)
After learning about Collei's affliction, which was exacerbated by an injection of ancient gods' remains (archon residue) given to her by the Fatui, Jean brought Lisa a relevant document about the Fatui's experiments, hoping she would be able to read the ancient language it was written in. While Lisa was unable to read the document herself, she knew someone at Sumeru Akademiya who did and sent a letter to her former teacher regarding the matter.
Cyno was sent to handle the matter and arrived in Mondstadt three days later, just as Fatui personnel led by Barnabas arrived to retrieve their documents and apprehend the person who killed their diplomats — Collei. Cyno brought Amber and Collei to Starsnatch Cliff to seal the gods' remains away[2] and successfully put them into a dormant state. Tired from the ordeal, Cyno returned to the City of Mondstadt first and was not present when Barnabas attacked Amber and Collei.[3]
After Barnabas was defeated and Collei was absolved of her involvement in the Black Fire Incident thanks to Diluc and Kaeya's plan, Collei decided to return to Sumeru with Cyno.[4]
Cyno seals away Collei's Archon residueCollei and Cyno depart from Mondstadt
Cyno is the first playable male Electro character to be released since Razor and shares several similarities with him:
They share the same Lupus constellation name; Razor's case is that he was raised by wolves, while Cyno's headdress resembles that of Anubis, a jackal-headed deity, which are also related to wolves.
Both have white hair and red eyes.
Their Elemental Bursts cause them to be immune to Electro-Charged reactions, applies Electro to their attacks (although Razor still keeps his physical damage) and is invoked by calling a spirit within them.
Many aspects of Cyno's overall design draw inspiration from the Yu-Gi-Oh! franchise:
He is a fan of Genius Invokation TCG, a card game similar to Duel Monsters. He actively plays the TCG and owns his own deck of cards.
One of his idle animations and his Featherfall Judgment icon both feature a prominent eye symbol resembling the one that appears on the franchise's various Millennium Items. Candace also features this eye symbol as part of her design.
His Special Dish, Duel Soul, is styled like the Millennium Puzzle, and shares its name with an OST from the Yu-Gi-Oh! anime series.
Sacred Rite: Wolf's Swiftness states that a spirit indwells his body and morphs him, similar to what the Pharaoh Atem does to Yugi throughout the anime.
At Constellation Level 6, the Day of the Jackal effect creates Millennium Puzzle-like symbols around his body.
He possesses an Egyptian-styled design, hearkening back to the original series of Yu-Gi-Oh!
In the Fukumoto quests, he's selected to be the model for the protagonist of "King of Invokations," a novel written by Fukumoto with a title strikingly similar to the title of Pharaoh Atem, the "King of Games."
Cyno is the second character since Hu Tao who has differences in the base artwork used for the Character Introduction Illustration and the Wish Artwork. His right arm is raised to different heights and his left arm is bent at different angles at the elbow. The first character was Rosaria.
Cyno wields the Staff of the Scarlet Sands in official artwork and during his duel against Alhaitham in the Archon Quest The Four at Loggerheads in Chapter III: Act III - Dreams, Emptiness, Deception.
The spirit called upon in Cyno's Elemental Burst is likely related to the power of Hermanubis.[5]
Despite his desert-dweller roots, Cyno lived within the Akademiya since childhood.[6]
Cyno is known by these aliases or titles:
Cyno is mentioned in the descriptions of the following 7 Furnishings: Chilling Sand Grilling Colors in the Water Roiling Desert Cabinet: Odds and Ends No Jumping, No Tramping The Fragrant Branches Asleep The Leaf Veins, Supple and Subtle The General Mahamatra on Duty
The English prefix cyno is derived from the Ancient Greek κύων kúōn, "dog," which could be a reference to the Anubis-like headdress.
Cyno's title, General Mahamatra, is derived from the Mahamatra (Sanskrit: महामात्र) a group established by the Indian emperor Ashoka who were in charge of justice and religious affairs.
Character Title: Judicator of Secrets
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishJudicator of Secrets—Chinese(Simplified)缄秘的裁遣Jiānmì de CáiqiǎnThe Secret JudicationChinese(Traditional)緘秘的裁遣Jiānmì de CáiqiǎnJapanese緘秘の裁きKanpi no SabakiJudge of Hidden SecretsKorean비밀 심판Bimil SimpanSecret JudgementSpanishEl Magistrado de lo ArcanoThe Magistrate of the ArcaneFrenchJuge des secretsJudge of SecretsRussianВершитель таинствVershitel' tainstvExecutor of SecretsThaiการพิพากษาอันซ่อนเร้นKarn Pipaaksa An Son ReinSecret JudgmentVietnamesePhán Quyết Ẩn MậtHidden JudgementGermanRichter über GeheimnisseJudge Over SecretsIndonesianJudicator of Secrets—PortugueseJuiz dos SegredosJudge of SecretsTurkishSırlar HakimiJudge of SecretsItalianGiustiziere dei segretiExecutioner of Secrets
↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Cyno
↑ Manga, Chapter 12: Unshrouded Resolution (Part 1)
↑ Manga, Chapter 13: Dual Recurrence
↑ Manga, Chapter 16: Talks Over a Drink
↑ Event Windblume's Breath Quest, Windblume Festival: Part II, Part 2: A Riddle Amidst the Crowds (post-quest dialogue between Cyno and Lisa)
↑ Event Windblume's Breath Quest, Windblume Festival: Part III, Part 3: Joy Above the Clouds
↑ Event Windblume's Breath Quest, Windblume Festival: Part II, Part 2: A Riddle Amidst the Crowds
↑ Event Duel! The Summoners' Summit! Quest: Round 4, Part 1: Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
Hello: The PastHello: The PastMedia:VO_Cyno Hello - The Past.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Hello_-_The_Past.ogg I'm Cyno, the former General Mahamatra. Now I use my abilities to punish evil as I see fit. If you share my devotion to rules and justice, then I can lend you my strength.
Hello: The Present Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesHello: The Present Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Cyno Hello - The Present.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Hello_-_The_Present.ogg I'm Cyno, General Mahamatra of the Akademiya. It's my duty to uphold the rules, and punish wrongdoing. I will protect you on your journey.
Chat: Weighing the HeartChat: Weighing the HeartMedia:VO_Cyno Chat - Weighing the Heart.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Chat_-_Weighing_the_Heart.ogg Good deeds and bad... In the end, all will be placed upon the scales.
Chat: Luck of the DrawChat: Luck of the DrawMedia:VO_Cyno Chat - Luck of the Draw.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Chat_-_Luck_of_the_Draw.ogg Luck can swing the results of a single game, but it's bound to run out sooner or later.
Chat: DoubtChat: DoubtMedia:VO_Cyno Chat - Doubt.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Chat_-_Doubt.ogg I do try to lighten the mood sometimes, but... I'm not the best judge of other people's sense of humor.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Cyno When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_When_It_Rains.ogg Hm, it's raining again...
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Cyno When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg In some legends, thunderbolts are a form of judgment from the gods above.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Cyno When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_When_It_Snows.ogg I love seeing everything covered in a fresh blanket of snow. There's a perfect stillness to it that's not lifeless, but calm and peaceful.
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Cyno When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg The sunshine will eventually illuminate every hidden corner.
When the Wind Is BlowingWhen the Wind Is BlowingMedia:VO_Cyno When the Wind Is Blowing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_When_the_Wind_Is_Blowing.ogg Careful, the wind is picking up.
In the DesertIn the DesertMedia:VO_Cyno In the Desert.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_In_the_Desert.ogg A familiar sight...
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Cyno Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Good_Morning.ogg Get ready. It's time to go.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Cyno Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Good_Afternoon.ogg Want me to prepare lunch today? It's fine with me, but I should warn you, I can't promise it'll be any good.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Cyno Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Good_Evening.ogg Remember what I told you? There's always danger lurking in the night, so whatever you do, keep your guard up.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Cyno Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Good_Night.ogg Goodnight. Now, there's some criminal activity nearby that I'll go deal with.
About Cyno: Unfunny JokesAbout Cyno: Unfunny JokesMedia:VO_Cyno About Cyno - Unfunny Jokes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Cyno_-_Unfunny_Jokes.ogg Hmm... a joke? Ah, I've got just the one. Ahem... There once was a traveler, stranded in the desert and dying of thirst, who in desperation prayed for a Hydro Slime to come their way. But the traveler didn't realize that at that very moment, a starving Hydro Slime was praying to meet a lone, stranded traveler... What, not funny? Tsk, I think it's hysterical.
About Cyno: Desert Strolls Friendship Lv. 4About Cyno: Desert Strolls Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Cyno About Cyno - Desert Strolls.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Cyno_-_Desert_Strolls.ogg Sometimes I'll take a stroll through the desert at night... The cold, dry air out there helps me clear my mind.
About Us: TCG DuelAbout Us: TCG DuelMedia:VO_Cyno About Us - TCG Duel.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Us_-_TCG_Duel.ogg Up for a game of Genius Invokation TCG? I'll show you the new deck I built.
About Us: The Present Friendship Lv. 6About Us: The Present Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Cyno About Us - The Present.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Us_-_The_Present.ogg The past cannot be changed, and the future cannot be foretold. As a result, I make sure to always cherish the here and now.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Cyno About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_the_Vision.ogg You may say that I have received much divine favor, with the spirit that dwells within me, and the god that took heed of my ambition. But I have no intention of letting this affect my code of justice. I will simply continue to do whatever is required to fulfill my duty.
Something to Share: Lust for KnowledgeSomething to Share: Lust for KnowledgeMedia:VO_Cyno Something to Share - Lust for Knowledge.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Something_to_Share_-_Lust_for_Knowledge.ogg I think most people understand that an excess of desire will lead to disaster, but people seldom admit that when it comes to the pursuit of knowledge, they're only willing to put it in a positive light. In my opinion, chasing after knowledge is still a form of desire, and must also be reined in.
Something to Share: Solemn Respect Friendship Lv. 4Something to Share: Solemn Respect Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Cyno Something to Share - Solemn Respect.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Something_to_Share_-_Solemn_Respect.ogg Any decision I make during a mission can have a profound effect on the fates of others. This is why I must always maintain a solemn respect for my position as a matra, the same way I respect knowledge and power.
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Cyno Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Interesting_Things.ogg I'm fond of the shrubs that grow in the desert. The desert is a symbol of repose and solitude, and all civilizations will eventually be buried by a sandstorm. But despite these desolate conditions, there are still signs of growth. Sometimes, I really find myself impressed by their tenacity.
About Tighnari: Knowledge Friendship Lv. 4About Tighnari: Knowledge Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Cyno About Tighnari - Knowledge.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Tighnari_-_Knowledge.ogg Tighnari is different from other scholars I've met. He has the same wholehearted dedication to knowledge, but he will never cross the most important boundaries. Some scholars see themselves as gods within their own laboratories, but not Tighnari — he has always shown the same respect for every form of life. I've heard that he even declined a position in the Akademiya, and I support his decision.
About Tighnari: Jokes Friendship Lv. 4About Tighnari: Jokes Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Cyno About Tighnari - Jokes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Tighnari_-_Jokes.ogg Tighnari once told me not to tell jokes at the dinner table, insisting that my jokes weren't funny at all. I did not share his opinion, so I told three of my best jokes in a row, and explained the premise of each in great detail. By the time I was done talking, my food was cold.
About Collei Friendship Lv. 4About Collei Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Cyno About Collei.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Collei.ogg I once helped Collei seal away the god's remains in her body, but the process was an unthinkably painful one. To many, enduring that kind of pain would be a prospect more terrifying than death, so it was very admirable that she was able to persevere through it all.
About Alhaitham Friendship Lv. 4 King Deshret and the Three MagiAbout Alhaitham Friendship Lv. 4 King Deshret and the Three MagiMedia:VO_Cyno About Alhaitham.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Alhaitham.ogg I don't really like people who are too smart. They think they can control everything, and constantly venture to the fringes of danger. But Alhaitham is one of the more reliable ones. In most cases, he is actually in control of things and has the ability to avert potential disaster.
About Kaveh Friendship Lv. 4About Kaveh Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Cyno About Kaveh.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Kaveh.ogg Tighnari and Collei never said it to my face, but they found Kaveh's personal anecdotes far more entertaining than the jokes I had prepared... I could see it on their faces. Hmm? What did I think about that? Well, I thought it was funny that they could laugh at such a situation.
About Nahida Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout Nahida Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Cyno About Nahida.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Nahida.ogg Commenting on a god might be overstepping my position a little... But when I was working with her, I personally witnessed her wisdom, courage, and determination. Compared with those sages who constantly undermined and criticized her without a shred of evidence, I think I can provide a more reliable assessment: She is an exceptional deity who is worthy of everyone's respect.
About Nilou Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout Nilou Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Cyno About Nilou.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Nilou.ogg I can sense her enthusiasm and passion for dancing — it has become an integral part of her being. I hope that she will always be able to use the art she loves to bring happiness to other people.
About Faruzan Friendship Lv. 4About Faruzan Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Cyno About Faruzan.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Faruzan.ogg I've carefully browsed through the case files regarding Faruzan's disappearance. At the time, I thought maybe she had been conducting some kind of dangerous research, but once I met her in person, I completely abandoned that idea. Though it might be a little hard for me to get along with her, she mostly reminds me of a kindly and chatty parent. She is considerate of others, and would never do anything imprudent.
About Lisa Friendship Lv. 4About Lisa Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Cyno About Lisa.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Lisa.ogg Of course I know about Lisa, we once both studied under the same sage. As General Mahamatra, I've seen many tragedies befall those seeking knowledge too assiduously, so it's easy for me to understand her decision.
About Sethos Friendship Lv. 4About Sethos Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Cyno About Sethos.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_About_Sethos.ogg Sethos has a strong sense of responsibility. I have the utmost respect for his skill as a warrior, and I admire his courage. He's also been a great help to me personally, and I'm sure that cooperation between the Akademiya and the Temple of Silence will go very smoothly with him leading the Temple.Nevertheless, he does have one flaw — he doesn't play nearly enough Genius Invokation TCG for my liking. Every time I invite him to play, he's either busy with work, about to go out for a meal, or has existing plans with other friends... Excuses, all of them! Are we not his best friends in all of Sumeru City?
More About Cyno: IMore About Cyno: IMedia:VO_Cyno More About Cyno - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_More_About_Cyno_-_01.ogg Huh? You want to know more about me? Hm, I suppose many people see me as a thorn in their side... But don't worry, as long as you don't do anything dangerous, you won't have any trouble with me.
More About Cyno: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Cyno: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Cyno More About Cyno - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_More_About_Cyno_-_02.ogg With my body as a vessel, I can harness the power of the spirit that dwells within me. This is possible in part due to my natural constitution, but also due to a deal I willingly made in the past. There's no reason to shy away from the topic. If I am to weigh the souls of others in this world as a Matra, then I must also place my own soul on the scales to be judged in the same manner.
More About Cyno: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Cyno: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Cyno More About Cyno - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_More_About_Cyno_-_03.ogg Rather than thinking about the "why" of things, I prefer to focus on "what" has been done. There are countless reasons why people do things in this world, and upon hearing some of those reasons, you can't help but start to feel that the wrongdoer had a point, or that the public is being too harsh on them. The disadvantaged side will always garner people's sympathy, but the judge must abandon all such feelings. We may empathize with the pain and motivations of the accused, but a crime, once committed, cannot be left unpunished.
More About Cyno: IV Friendship Lv. 5More About Cyno: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Cyno More About Cyno - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_More_About_Cyno_-_04.ogg In the gloomy sea of ignorance, a faint glimmer of light will occasionally appear, luring those who do not understand the truth toward it. People will often see that glimmer as a beacon to guide their way, but in doing so overlook the great dangers still lurking in the pitch-black waters. Steering those who have long resided in darkness away from the light is a cruel thing in itself, but I must continue to do so until we can finally defeat the enemies that lay hidden beneath the water's surface.
More About Cyno: V Friendship Lv. 6More About Cyno: V Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Cyno More About Cyno - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_More_About_Cyno_-_05.ogg I've already told you everything that I think is worth sharing. What else could you possibly want to hear from me? Heh, your curiosity is remarkable... Alright, let's hear your questions. For someone who is used to interrogating others, the feeling of being questioned is... interesting.
Cyno's HobbiesCyno's HobbiesMedia:VO_Cyno Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Hobbies.ogg In my free time, I like to play Genius Invokation TCG with other people. Being able to express so much creativity and variation within a working rule set makes it more than just a game — it's an art form.
Cyno's Troubles Friendship Lv. 6Cyno's Troubles Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Cyno Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Troubles.ogg Just recently, I saw a light novel from Inazuma based on Genius Invokation TCG. When the main character found themselves in a rough spot, they somehow drew a card that wasn't even supposed to exist. This shook me to the core, and presented me with a great conundrum: Through directly manipulating the deck, they were able to pull off a miracle that nobody could have expected. The question is... should it be seen as breaking the rules, or is this, too, ultimately within the rules of the game?
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Cyno Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Favorite_Food.ogg Rice, meat, and dried nuts, mixed with some yogurt and roasted together... what a wonderful mix of flavors. You can feel the aroma seeping out with the steam as you cut into the crispy outside. It doesn't even take very long to make, definitely my favorite dish.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Cyno Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg The rations I take with me when traveling through the desert are usually completely tasteless. Once you've eaten enough of those, you'll be grateful for just about anything with some flavor. If I had to pick something, though... I wouldn't say I relish eating bugs or anything bug-related...
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Cyno Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg Tastes great. You have my gratitude.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Cyno Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg I accept. Thank you.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Cyno Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Agh... This is for me? ...Are you sure?
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Cyno Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Birthday.ogg Ahem... I'd like to wish you a happy birthday. Though I don't have much experience with celebrations, once I realized your birthday was coming, I decided to make some preparations. First, I have this deck for you that I worked on for a few days, I think it'll really suit your style. Also, I adjusted my schedule to open up some time, so is there anywhere you'd like to go? I'd be happy to accompany you. A birthday only lasts a day, but you should take the chance to really enjoy it. Just make sure we can be back within three days.
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Cyno Feelings About Ascension -  01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg I can feel new power surging within me, a testament to my growth.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Cyno Feelings About Ascension -  02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg I vow to uphold the rules and punish evil.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Cyno Feelings About Ascension -  03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg Nice boost. Thanks a ton.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Cyno Feelings About Ascension -  04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg My strength has reached its peak, but there are still many things I can never accomplish relying on my fighting power alone. There will still be many times when emotions and rules do not agree, but I think I'll find the key to striking the right balance in the journeys to come.
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Cyno Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Surrender!Media:VO Cyno Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Futile.Media:VO Cyno Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Nowhere to run!Media:VO Cyno Elemental Skill 1 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Elemental_Skill_1_04.ogg (Pactsworn Pathclearer) You stand condemned.Media:VO Cyno Elemental Skill 1 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Elemental_Skill_1_05.ogg (Pactsworn Pathclearer) Guilty!Media:VO Cyno Elemental Skill 1 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Elemental_Skill_1_06.ogg (Pactsworn Pathclearer) Your penance is due!Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Cyno Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Through me, justice is served!Media:VO Cyno Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Judgment is upon you.Media:VO Cyno Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Your sins weigh upon your soul.Media:VO Cyno Light Attack Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack Elemental Burst 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_Elemental_Burst_04.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack Elemental Burst 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_Elemental_Burst_05.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack Elemental Burst 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_Elemental_Burst_06.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack Elemental Burst 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_Elemental_Burst_07.ogg Media:VO Cyno Mid Attack Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Mid_Attack_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Media:VO Cyno Mid Attack Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Mid_Attack_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Mid Attack Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Mid_Attack_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Media:VO Cyno Heavy Attack Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Attack_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Media:VO Cyno Heavy Attack Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Attack_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Heavy Attack Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Attack_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Cyno Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Cyno Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndCyno does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Cyno Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Cyno Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Cyno Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg A well-deserved find.Media:VO Cyno Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg Our perseverance has paid off.Media:VO Cyno Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Wealth is the foundation on which civilization is built.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Cyno Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Low_HP_01.ogg Stronger than I anticipated...Media:VO Cyno Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Low_HP_02.ogg I'm used to it.Media:VO Cyno Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Low_HP_03.ogg Ugh... come at me again!Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Cyno Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Fall back. Don't try to act tough.Media:VO Cyno Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg I'll take it from here.FallenFallenMedia:VO Cyno Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Fallen_01.ogg Has my... time come...Media:VO Cyno Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Fallen_02.ogg In death... a new cycle begins...Media:VO Cyno Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Fallen_03.ogg My judgment... has failed...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Cyno Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Pointless.Media:VO Cyno Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Cyno Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg A tough crowd.Media:VO Cyno Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Well played.Media:VO Cyno Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Cyno Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Cyno Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Cyno Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Cyno Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Joining_Party_01.ogg Ready to do my utmost.Media:VO Cyno Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Joining_Party_02.ogg Our mission begins.Media:VO Cyno Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Joining_Party_03.ogg Who's our next target?Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Cyno does not feature any Character Idles Voice-Overs.Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Cyno Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Cyno Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Cyno Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Cyno Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Cyno Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Cyno Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Cyno Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Cyno Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Climbing_03.ogg Media:VO Cyno Climbing 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Climbing_04.ogg Media:VO Cyno Climbing 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Climbing_05.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Cyno Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Cyno Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Cyno Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Cyno Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Cyno Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Cyno Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Cyno Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Cyno_Jumping_05.ogg 
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
Cyno can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining him and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.
Cyno has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsOf Settled Thoughts 20 2 20,000Deep in the Quiet Forest 20 1 20,000
Media:vo cyno mimitomo hello 01.ogg Cyno: Ah, you're back.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo hello 02.ogg Cyno: Be sure to get ample rest before your next adventure.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Cyno: At first, I couldn't get used to how quiet it is here.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Cyno: There's no howling desert wind or sound of bugs skittering in the rainforest.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Cyno: When you're trying to get to sleep, it's so quiet and peaceful that you almost start wondering whether it's even real... which makes it hard to relax.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Cyno: Yes. I just tell myself that I'm on a vacation and that I shouldn't worry about what's going on anywhere else.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Cyno: Though, of course, before bed every night I still reflect on my previous battles and review what I've learned.
 Have you managed to get any rest?
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Cyno: Don't worry, I feel much more relaxed now than I was at the Akademiya.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Cyno: The point of rest is to relieve the stress and fatigue you've built up, it doesn't mean completely changing who you are.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Cyno: I really like it here. It's a place where I can finally enjoy a moment of peace. I'll use this time to revitalize myself and prepare for the next time I need to administer judgment.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Cyno: Sure, I'll even tell you a couple of jokes.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Cyno: Why did the Sumpter Beast cross the road while burdened with heavy goods? To get to Sumeru's "Most Sumptuous Sumpter Beast" bodybuilding competition.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Cyno: Well, what do you think?
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Cyno: Here's another one. Which creature has the worst personal hygiene in all of Teyvat? Cryo Slimes. Why? Because they always bounce on top of the water, and never go in for a bath.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Cyno: You don't find that funny at all?
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Cyno: Okay. Well, never mind...
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Cyno: It's really hard for me to tell what jokes someone might find funny.
 Why are you so eager to tell jokes?
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Cyno: It's because I always have this ultra-serious look on my face, and it stresses out the other matra.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Cyno: One time, it hit me that I should try telling a couple of jokes. So I gave it my best shot, and the room fell completely silent, with everyone just staring at me. But then, after a few moments, someone started laughing and said "you call that a joke!?"
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Cyno: Then everyone else started laughing. Even though they were all saying that my jokes weren't funny, I could tell that I had lightened the mood.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg Cyno: So I thought, even if the jokes aren't funny, at least telling them can still help the others around me feel more at ease.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg Cyno: Besides... if I tell lots of jokes, not ALL of them can be bad, surely.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg Cyno: I just need to stick to it, and I know that one of them will land... someday.
 Is there anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Cyno: Now that I think about it, it's been all of five days since I last played a game of Genius Invokation TCG.
 Does that feel like a long time to you?
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Cyno: No, not really. The longest I've ever gone without playing was 20 days.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Cyno: I was on a dangerous mission and didn't have any time to sit down and play.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Cyno: By the time I got back, I realized that my deck was already out of the meta, and I kept losing game after game. Eventually, I made some adjustments and finally started turning things around.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Cyno: You have to keep playing if you want to maintain a good win rate. Otherwise, you'll be caught off guard by new and upcoming strategies.
 You really like Genius Invokation TCG, don't you?
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Cyno: Yes. Is that strange? You have a funny look on your face.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Cyno: The first time I played, I just saw it as a game to pass the time.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Cyno: As a matra, your heart is like a bowstring... It cannot become too slack, but it cannot be too taut, either. Otherwise, it could snap without warning at any time.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Cyno: So once I started playing Genius Invokation TCG, I wanted to use it as a way to take my mind off other things. You know, as a way to help me relax.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Cyno: ...But now, it is much more than just a game to me.
 I think I understand what you mean.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg Cyno: In my previous work, I punished many criminals who had broken the rules and had to listen to their constant complaining.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg Cyno: In most cases, I couldn't understand them, and they couldn't seem to understand me, either.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg Cyno: And it's not just criminals. Even with your friends, there are bound to be some topics where you are unable to understand one another.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg Cyno: But Genius Invokation is different. I can always clearly discern what my opponent is thinking.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg Cyno: Their hunger for victory, their confidence in the deck, their passion for the game... Many can hide their strategy, but few can conceal these emotions.
 I can relate to those feelings, too.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg Cyno: Really? Are you up for a game then?
 Are you kidding? I thought you'd never ask!
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 17.ogg Cyno: I never go easy on anyone. Just play your best.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 18.ogg Cyno: I'll help walk you through the game once we're finished.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo morning 01.ogg Cyno: Good morning, you look like you're ready and raring to go.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo morning 02.ogg Cyno: Any plans today? If there's anything you need help with, just let me know.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo night 01.ogg Cyno: Sleep well. Everything else can wait until tomorrow.
Media:vo cyno mimitomo night 02.ogg Cyno: Just calm your mind and breathe steadily, you'll fall right asleep. I'll be sure to wake you up in the morning. Goodnight.
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.
Media:vo mimitomo xm cyno forestvillage 01.ogg Cyno: Resting here brings back a lot of memories.
Media:vo mimitomo xm cyno forestvillage 02.ogg Cyno: I travel a lot for work. Sometimes, I have to camp or lodge in a village.
Media:vo mimitomo xm cyno forestvillage 03.ogg Cyno: It was an unfamiliar experience at first, but I got used to it. ...Looking back now, I can hardly believe how long I've been with the matra.
Media:vo mimitomo xm cyno library 01.ogg Cyno: Good. Each book is neatly in its place.
Media:vo mimitomo xm cyno library 02.ogg Cyno: The spines are facing out, books with a similar theme are grouped together, and there's not a single banned volume to be seen.
Media:vo mimitomo xm cyno library 03.ogg Cyno: Wait, are some of them crooked? I must correct this at once...
Released in Version 3.1[Edit History]Version 3.2
The following Furnishing Sets were assigned as favorite for this character:
