The owner of Bubu Pharmacy and Qiqi's guardian, Doctor Baizhu is a master of the medicinal arts and the latest recipient of a generational contract with a white snake named Changsheng. He seeks to achieve immortality to ensure he is the last to ever bear his contract, saving potential inheritors and even Changsheng herself from the cost that comes with its power.
Baizhu's outfit. The cloak on his shoulder is dyed using Changsheng's favorite plants. Its fragrance lingers and soothes the senses.
Unlocked upon obtaining character
The Applications of Medicine is Baizhu's Default Character Outfit.
Baizhu wears a high-collared, short-sleeved, cropped shirt that is teal and purple and fastens with buttons across the front. His lavender-and-blue pants have crossing white patterns resembling snake skin. Over his pants, Baizhu wears a teal sash from which his Dendro Vision hangs attached to a tassel, and a pale blue jacket patterned with a white snake and green flowers, similar to a lab coat, drapes around his shoulders like a cape. From his sash, several colorful pieces of fabric hang on his right, while a long green-and-white adornment hangs on his let. At the back of his waist  is a cylindrical green-and-gold container, tied with a bow made of green cord. He wears asymmetrical arm gauntlets with gold details, a white one on his right and a black one on his left. The left arm also bears a white beaded bracelet and a loosely wound bandage. A golden coin on a purple cord sits around his right ankle, and his flats are dark blue, with gold details and purple soles. Changsheng drapes around his neck like a scarf. 
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Baizhu 1.mp4      Media:Idle Baizhu 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Baizhu.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Baizhu.mp4      Media:Party Setup Baizhu.mp4      
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishThe Applications of Medicine—Chinese(Simplified)君臣佐使Jūnchén ZuǒshǐChinese(Traditional)君臣佐使Jūnchén ZuǒshǐJapanese君臣佐使Kunshin Sashi‍[!][!]Assumed readingKorean군신좌사GunsinjwasaSpanishPrescripción medicinalMedicinal PrescriptionFrenchApplications de la médecineApplications of MedicineRussianСонмы лекарствSonmy lekarstvThe Hosts of MedicineThaiผู้ประสานวิชายาVietnameseQuân Thần Tả SứGermanSymbiose der HeilkräuterSymbiosis of Healing HerbsIndonesianThe Applications of Medicine—PortugueseO Domínio da MedicinaTurkishŞifacının KaderiThe Healer's FateItalianMedicina applicataApplied Medicine
Released in Version 3.6[Create New History]
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
The owner of Bubu Pharmacy, the finest pharmacy in all of Liyue. He is rarely seen without a white snake named Changsheng coiled around his shoulders. His prescriptions are varied and diverse, and his medical prowess and compassion are known throughout Teyvat.—Description from the Official Website[1]
The owner of Bubu Pharmacy, who is rarely seen without the white snake named Changsheng. His medicinal knowledge is encyclopedic, and his personal intrigues subtle.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Many rumors swirl about Baizhu, though most of them are currently unknown — the only one the player ever hears about is that his traditional herbal medicines are extremely bitter.[2] Despite the poor taste of his medicine, most Liyue citizens have complete faith in his medical skills, such as Keqing, who considers him the right person to visit when someone cannot identify their symptoms and Xinyan,[3] who is grateful for his highly effective voice preserving medicines.[4] One of his patients, a sickly young girl named Hongdou, dislikes his medicine greatly and only agrees to visit Bubu Pharmacy because Baizhu is so kind to her, reasoning that just seeing him would make her feel better.[5] She also believes he is very clever.[6] Baizhu's reputation is so great that even the isolated adeptus Xiao is aware of him,[7] and his employee Herbalist Gui takes great care in his work to avoid sullying the good name of Dr. Baizhu and Bubu Pharmacy.[8] Despite his great medical skill, Baizhu is not regarded as "a man of high caliber or great courage."[9]
After meeting her by chance in the hills, Baizhu took Qiqi in, despite her being a zombie with memory so poor she could barely sort herbs or remember his face.[9][10] His acceptance of Qiqi was tied to his own personal pursuits,[9] and Baizhu has grown increasingly more relentless in his pursuit of eternal life since meeting her.[11] However, it is later revealed that Baizhu sought immortality in order to protect both himself and Changsheng, aware that those who made contracts with her would eventually die young and he does not want to have others suffer the same fate as them, while not wanting her to die either.[8] Despite having some ulterior motives in taking her in, he is able to make Qiqi cancel orders she has given herself by embracing her and speaking words such as "I love you the most." However, the effect is greatly diminished because Baizhu speaks these words very lightly.[12] At the same time, he quickly acquiesces to whatever she may request from him with no worry at all and affectionately refers to her as "my little Qiqi."[13] Qiqi, who is well aware of his intentions, does not mind staying with him because of his concern.[9]
Furthermore, he is very protective of Qiqi. Xingqiu, though interested in Qiqi's story, finds it is impossible to have a conversation with her whenever Baizhu is around.[14] Baizhu has also repeatedly intervened in Hu Tao's attempts to lay Qiqi to rest; something that Qiqi dreads and fears. Even after Hu Tao gave Qiqi an exception, she still holds a grudge towards Baizhu for his desire to live longer.[11]
Despite the genuine efficacy of his medical practices, his business practices tend to be shady. Changsheng remarks he is pleased to have found new people to fleece after the sale of Everlasting Incense to the Traveler and Zhongli, although Baizhu does not appear to mind her warnings.[13] Despite Changsheng's suggestions of Baizhu's own questionable conduct, he has also had dealings with the legal advisor Yanfei about charlatans selling ineffective remedies. To Paimon, his sly attitude during their first two meetings seemed strange, yet Yanfei brushed off her concerns and claimed that Baizhu has always acted that way.[15]
See also: The Applications of Medicine
Baizhu is a tall man with light skin and long green hair, half tied up in a bun and secured with a hairstick. He has golden, snake-like eyes and is always seen wearing a pair of gold, ornate, oval-framed glasses. Before taking on Changsheng's contract, his eyes were dark pink. Baizhu is almost always seen with his pet snake, Changsheng, draped around his neck like a scarf.
Herbalist Gui, another employee of Bubu Pharmacy, remarks that Baizhu suffers from an unknown ailment that makes him rather frail.[8] Qiqi, despite being a zombie who has to regularly exercise in order to stave off rigor mortis, is in better physical condition than he is.[16] However, it is later revealed that his contract with Changsheng was responsible for his frailness, though he is able to recover as long as he does not over-exert her powers.
Living with many maladies, where will one find a cure?
Dr. Baizhu... Something is bothering him, but he won't tell me anything... He hates death, but he's always researching it... I don't understand... But that's not a problem. I know... that Dr. Baizhu is a good person.—A page ripped out of Qiqi's notebook by an unknown person
"There's a pharmacy in Liyue called Bubu, and in it is Dr. Baizhu. His skills make all illnesses better, but his medicines are really bitter!"
This nursery rhyme has been widely spread throughout Feiyun Slope, and it has been used by countless parents to warn their children not to get sick... "or else."
However, it seems that the main character of this nursery rhyme is hardly feared by children. Instead, it is with utmost affection that he is called "Mr. Baizhu" by them.
This impression is mostly attributable to Baizhu's gentle and friendly demeanor. Interacting with him is a most refreshing experience. And no matter how anxious the patient may be, his confident smile will never fail to reassure.
Regrettably, Baizhu cannot save all his patients — himself, for example.
Herbalist Gui has mentioned that Baizhu's physical condition is extremely poor, and he often has to go back to his residence to rest after seeing patients. Even so, his smile never falters while in front of people.
When Gui asked him about this, he replied, "If the doctor looks sick himself, how can his patients face their illnesses with confidence?"
Day after day, Baizhu heals his patients. His ever-present smile hides the numerous bitter medicines he takes and the pain he suffers alone.
Baizhu, the owner of "Bubu Pharmacy," is a master of the medicinal arts. He is benevolent and kind, yet also shrouded in mystery and other contradictions.Despite having countless admiring physicians begging for his attention, he has insisted on choosing a zombie who can barely sort medicinal ingredients to be his apprentice.And though only a mortal, a talking snake with powerful spiritual energy is always wrapped around his shoulders.Maladies major and minor may all be mitigated with his medicine, but the physician seems unable to cure himself.Such a person does not go unnoticed in Liyue, for the greater a person's capabilities, the greater the calamity they could cause should their heart harbor any evil intent.Yet both public observation and private investigation have not only found no trace of any hidden wickedness, but have seemed to confirm time and time again that his unimpeachable reputation as a benevolent doctor was, in fact, the unvarnished truth.As for all those inscrutable secrets, Baizhu simply smiles and laughs:"Good medicine is so bitter, so it shouldn't be a problem to let a good doctor keep a few secrets, no?"Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
Though he was widely known by the moniker "Mr. Bai," Baizhu's last name isn't "Bai." The origins of this misnomer can be traced back to his apprentice at Bubu Pharmacy, Qiqi, and her sieve-like memory.When she first arrived at Bubu, her memory was even worse than it is now, and she would even forget to return to the Pharmacy at night after going out to gather herbs and ingredients during the day.Fortunately, Baizhu is always patient when dealing with patients, and doubly so when dealing with Qiqi. At first, he attempted to have her stay at the Pharmacy and rest, but Qiqi was always resolute and could not be dissuaded from harvesting materials, saying: "My responsibility." Helpless to stop her, Baizhu would personally go out to find her each and every time, and remind her of the fact she lived with him at Bubu Pharmacy over and over and over and...With a memory like what Qiqi sported then, remembering anyone's full name was beyond the realm of possibility. So for a long time, the names "Baizhu" and "Changsheng" were simply replaced with "that person" and "that snake."Ever one to prescribe just the right medicine for the disease, Baizhu prepared a notebook for Qiqi to write in and review whenever she had time. Finally, there came a morning when Qiqi saw Baizhu and did not cock her head and ask who he was, but said:"Good, morning. Bai... Bai..."Changsheng was ecstatic, and immediately extended her body outward, even more excited than Baizhu:"Yes, yes, Bai-what now? And how about me? Don't forget about me—""Mr. Bai." Qiqi answered earnestly. "And, long... long, snake.""—Outrageous! My name isn't 'long snake'—""Remembering things is like curing an illness. One cannot be too greedy for progress, but be satisfied with gradual improvement." Baizhu smiled slightly and nodded, as though having accepted the name "Mr. Bai."
In the days that followed, the phrases "Mr. Bai said" and "Mr. Bai won't allow it" were never far from her lips, and the endless stream of customers asking after medicine soon brought the name "Mr. Bai" out of Bubu Pharmacy to every corner of Liyue Harbor.Qiqi's notebook has been filled to bursting and then some, and today she no longer needs to consult it before recalling Baizhu and Changsheng's names.But "Mr. Bai" had already found its home in the hearts of some, and it was too late to change it.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
Baizhu is not only a brilliant physician, but possesses considerable business acumen.This should not come as a surprise — it would be impossible to operate a such a large pharmacy on the strength of one's medical skills alone.The prices at Bubu Pharmacy are generally fair, and the pricing strategy for most products is one of high sales with low margins on each transaction. But there is some merchandise priced at a curious premium — such as the "Everlasting Incense," which was 2,990,000 Mora even after a discount.Usually, the customers for goods like these aren't picky about price, and only care about the quality and effectiveness.So why head to the market to haggle and search, when you can get everything you need at Bubu Pharmacy? Even if it's a bit more expensive, the peace of mind provided by Mr. Bai's reputation is worth it.Naturally, price is not Bubu Pharmacy's only competitive advantage. Many of the customers are businesspeople who have become "partners," bringing Baizhu rare herbs from across the land and exporting the medicines he develops to every corner of the world. As the pockets of Bubu's business partners began to bulge, so too did the Pharmacy's ledgers.But the objectives of Baizhu's plans do not seem to revolve solely around Mora itself. If they did, why would Bubu Pharmacy take care of someone with no positive impact on income flow like Qiqi? It makes no sense from a business perspective.When encountering unusual or novel diseases, Baizhu often accepts only a token fee, saying "It is difficult to assess a fee for such a rare ailment."As this practice has persisted, clients from far beyond Liyue have come to seek treatment at Bubu Pharmacy. Baizhu never refuses a patient, and is very willing to treat people from all walks of life, regardless of the disease that afflicts them. Thus has the good doctor cultivated a reputation as a selfless and benevolent healer who makes money elsewhere, presumably so that he can continue to perform acts of kindness far into the future.But only Baizhu himself understands the truth: Bubu Pharmacy never engages in unprofitable transactions.
Some goals are impossible to even think about without massive financial backing and a reliable network supplying resources from across the world. Even with sufficient wealth, those goals would have little chance of success without the right opportunities and a bit of luck.As for the chance to research the secret arts of the adepti and strange diseases... these are opportunities no amount of Mora could ever buy.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
Baizhu habitually has a pot of water before boiling a pot of tea after waking up early in the morning. There is never a shortage of pastries at the Pharmacy, both sweet and salty, delivered from nearby shops and from around the neighborhood. This routine has never ceased, and is unchanged through all four seasons.The snacks are divided into three portions, two large and one small. The large plates are for Baizhu and Herbalist Gui, and the small plate is for Qiqi and Changsheng. Whichever of them so desires can take a bite, and this counts as having had breakfast with everyone.In addition, the doors of the Pharmacy are always lined with fresh supplies when it opens in the morning: vegetables, rice, fresh fish, melons and fruits... there is always an abundance of food at Bubu Pharmacy.Baizhu has repeatedly attempted to persuade the community not to give him such gifts, as he does not like to take things from others for free. But the public knows that Dr. Baizhu doesn't always charge for his consultations, and offers steep discounts upon already reduced prices to the people. The child of this family, the grandfather of that household... The number of people who have benefited from his care is beyond count. Of course, since cheaper healthcare means more Mora in the pocket, using the savings to give gifts by way of thanks is a perfectly sensible thing to do. Baizhu's attempts to dissuade his well-wishers were defeated by this logic, and his only remaining response was to ask Herbalist Gui to bring all the gifts from the door into the shop.After breakfast, the clinic opens for consultations. Baizhu remains in the shop to see patients, and Herbalist Gui delivers medicines wrapped and prepared the previous night to elderly patients who have difficulty walking. Each package comes with a detailed note explaining clearly both the frequency and quantity of medicine to be taken for the convenience of the patient.When patients begin arriving at the clinic, Changsheng takes leave of her perch on Baizhu's body and wanders about the clinic. If she catches Qiqi performing her calisthenics in the courtyard, she will wind about Qiqi's shoulders and help her keep time with a "one two three one two three," and so on. If she runs into Herbalist Gui delivering medicine in the corridor, she will rest on his arm and ask after the latest neighborhood gossip.After the talking is done, the medicine weighted and packaged, and the tea has cooled, it is time for lunch. At this time, Baizhu is at leisure to personally prepare a nutritious meal and sweet soup that are both healthy and tasty for all who come to call.Afternoons in Liyue Harbor are a leisurely affair, with studying children, tottering old grandparents, Millelith carrying spears... An endless patter of footfalls. Changsheng and Qiqi lie by the pharmacy door, basking in the sun and watching the flow of people. They idly observe that the one on the left has let their hair grow too long and needs a haircut, while that one on the right has a rash on their face, and might be suffering from an internal imbalance. The sound of their chatter reaches Herbalist Gui's ears, and fearing disturbing others, he brings over a bench and moves Changsheng and Qiqi back inside the pharmacy.The commotion reaches Baizhu's clinic, and he listens to their exchange as he writes a prescription. Time is like boiling water in a copper kettle: at once both a turbulent tumult but also sitting quietly beside you.As night falls, Bubu Pharmacy closes for the day. Herbalist Gui sometimes stays for dinner, and sometimes goes home to eat with his family. Then only Baizhu, Qiqi, and Changsheng remain, and the two people and one snake may eat and drink to their hearts' content, returning to their rooms to rest by the light of the moon.One cannot call such a day anything out of the ordinary. It is simply a day at Bubu Pharmacy. Though, if Herbalist Gui suddenly had the thought to come back and take a peek before going to bed, more like than not he would happen upon Baizhu teaching Qiqi new exercises in the courtyard to keep her limber.One-two-three, one-two-three... Morning, noon, and night, spring, summer, and fall — oh, and also winter... Calisthenics and life both have their rhythm.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
The storyteller rapped the wooden table, opened his mouth, and began to tell a tale of ghosts and demons. Though the public loves to hear these stories, they get old after too many tellings, and so people asked, "is there anything else? You've told the one about the jewel-seller and the one about the thief, what else is there?"At that moment, Baizhu came down the stairs, and the audience saw him and thought to themselves: Dr. Baizhu has many stories, surely, but putting them into a book might be far too difficult. Other than discussing his exemplary behavior and medical ethics, if one wishes to say a few words about him over tea or after dinner, the most that can be talked about is the Doctor's private pursuit of the adeptal arts and the like, a matter that Baizhu has never intended to conceal.There are a multitude of visitors to Bubu Pharmacy, and those with sharp eyes cannot avoid noticing the books Baizhu reads in his spare time. In addition to medical treatises are ancient tomes which record the ways in which the adepti may be sought out. In addition, the medicine chests at Bubu Pharmacy contain a multitude of rare herbs and ingredients which are of no use in treating common illnesses, but are constantly used and replenished in an endless cycle. Though the average patient may not understand the arcane implications, those from families which practice alchemy or thaumaturgical arts can instantly recognize that all of these are ingredients used to refine various "Elixirs of Immortality" spoken of in legend.For most ordinary people, "immortality" is simply too strange a concept. But there are people whose curiosity will be aroused, and who will seek to know just how Baizhu wishes to attain immortality and how far along the road he has come... But this has proved akin to walking on a tightrope at night — it is difficult to take even a single step.Eventually, news of Baizhu's quest spread. Once the news was leaked, people formed an opinion. Some coveted his knowledge, some opposed this pursuit, and others didn't particularly care about his goal of immortality, but were concerned about the trouble his methods might cause.Baizhu himself was in his clinic, but his fingers were on the pulse of the street, and he had anticipated this would happen. In the vast land of Liyue, the concerns of the third group of people would be the most difficult to assuage. He had initially planned to quietly dispel any doubts, but the name "Baizhu" had already appeared on the Ministry of Civil Affairs' persons of special interest list. Fortunately, Baizhu always conducted himself impeccably in his daily life, and is amiable and willing to chat with his patients during their consultations. From these visits, he learned that the Ministry of Civil Affairs was keeping a close eye on him.He saw through their methods, and turned the ears and mouths of the people to his own ends, letting them spread the word on his behalf that his research and approach had no ill intent and would cause no trouble.Rumors spread more quickly than the most infectious pathogen, and soon the fact his quest was benign had spread to every corner. This push and pull between Baizhu and Ministry continued for some time, but eventually he was able to avoid unwanted attention and his name avoided appearing in the top secret intelligence reports of the owner of Yanshang Teahouse, Yelan.As for the aforementioned second group of people, their beliefs are already a known quantity, and set in stone. Many are the descendants of a clan that believes firmly in the principle that some things are divinely ordained, and that the impermanence of life and permanence of death are among those immutable truths. It must be pure coincidence that the representative of this second group lives but a street away at Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.As the saying goes, neighbors are like relatives and friends, and Bubu Pharmacy and Wangsheng Funeral Parlor have had many interactions over the years, and both parties greet each other with a smile when their paths cross in the street. As for those questions of life and death, death and life, the opinion of the 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor Hu Tao is as follows: If the matter cannot be explained or settled in a couple words, it's better to have Baizhu over for dinner! And as for a sensible person like Baizhu? Of course one should attend the banquet! Season after season, year after year, without going into too much detail, the two households with very different views have spent many a day together, and could be considered close friends, albeit with each keeping their secrets.When two parties do not align closely, they merely speak of etiquette. But when they align, one may speak of duty. For Bubu Pharmacy is in the business of healing the sick, and in the course of business it is inevitable that there will be those beyond saving or at the end of their lives. Those with good fortune are cared for by their family, but those less lucky will breathe their last in Bubu Pharmacy. When this happens, Bubu Pharmacy and Wangsheng Funeral Parlor will jointly ensure their final rest is peaceful.The last rites and journey of the deceased is of great importance, and Director Hu Tao entrusts this to her most dependable consultant, Zhongli. For Bubu Pharmacy, Baizhu cares greatly for those patients who pass away under his care, and personally sees to their arrangements. The two parties hold a ceremony in a secluded thatched cottage in the dead of night. Baizhu sends the deceased there, and the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor consultant holds the ceremony and performs the final rites, carrying out each step in an orderly manner. Even if it is simply going through the motions, the departed may rest in peace.It is a pity that though the soul has passed on, no living soul will ever thank Bubu Pharmacy or Wangsheng Funeral Parlor on the deceased's behalf. But the heavens wheel ever onward, and so too does the cycle of life and death continue unceasingly. Doctor and Funeral Director and consultant are neighbors by coincidence, friends over the dinner table, but only truly meet heart-to-heart when conducting the solemn duty of seeing off the souls of the deceased. Once they walk out of that thatched cottage, they return to their former selves.
As for the aforementioned first type of people, those who covet the secret of immortality, though they are many in number, their methods are crude, and they are easy to deal with.Bandits are common in the wilderness and in the mountains, and a few particularly stupid and shortsighted ones once ran into Baizhu alone on a mountain road. Baizhu was refining medicine, and the bandits, having heard rumors of Baizhu's quest, came to the conclusion that he had made something of value here in this remote location. They struck, expecting to plunder the secret medicine Baizhu had created. A few hours later, the Millelith arrived at the scene of the crime, having received a report. It was difficult to tell who was the real victim, with the ruffians laid out upon the ground and Baizhu standing beside them with a smile."The facts of the case come first, so forgive me for asking," the Millelith soldier began hesitantly, "but did you really come to place this remote just to make cold medicine?""If I was refining some special medicine..." Baizhu laughed and shook his head. "Would they ever have found me?"These stories traveled round and round, eventually returning to the ears of the storyteller. He thought for a moment, then shook his head and sighed: "Forget it. At the end of the day, Dr. Baizhu is just a doctor. What fascinating tales could there be?"Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6
Every time the weather turns cold, the threshold of Bubu Pharmacy is crowded with patients seeking a consultation. But today, Baizhu's silhouette was nowhere to be seen. Only his assistant Herbalist Gui was at the counter, prescribing medicine and dispensing medicine. Those with recurring illnesses who visited frequently knew what this meant. It was "one of those days" again, and so they took the medicine carefully wrapped by Herbalist Gui. They offered their best wishes, such as "Please tell Dr. Baizhu to care of himself," and shuffled out the door.At that moment, Qiqi came in from the doorway and bumped into an old man's calf. Holding her hat tight, she nodded and hurried to the back room with her stiff steps as quickly as she could."It's one of those days" isn't a particular time or place, but rather is shorthand for an oft-used statement: The Doctor is ill, and cannot see patients today, so we are sorry you came all the way here for nothing, please come back some other time.It is hard for physicians to cure themselves, and this is true for Baizhu as well. Baizhu claims that it is simply a chill, but he knows that he has a weak constitution, and all of his internal organs are diseased. Though his life is not in imminent danger, nine out of ten doctors would be dumbstruck, only able to gape in wonder at the nature of this rare and incurable disease. Therefore, whenever his symptoms flare up, all Herbalist Gui and Qiqi can do is bring him hot water, cloth towels, and plates of fruit to show their concern. Baizhu does not wish others to worry on his behalf, and insists on being alone in his room with only Changsheng for company.With the curtains pulled over the tightly closed windows, the room was dark and gloomy. Baizhu lay down, tormented by the chills and following hot flashes, occasional breathing problems, and intermittent yet intense full-body pains that often came whenever his symptoms flared up. After a bout of agony, he joked to Changsheng, "If I don't make it one of these days, it'll be a giant hassle, won't it?"Changsheng slithered up the head of the bed and looked down at Baizhu's sweat-soaked visage with human-like pupils. "Oh you, oh you, you may lie, but you may not die. Who is it that wishes to live forever? You are not yet old, and haven't yet experienced a full life."A man and a snake, the snake with human eyes and the man with snake eyes. A strange phenomenon indeed. Few know the truth behind such an enigmatic anomaly. In fact, the pupils in their eyes are proof of their greatest secret — the contract between them. The result of this contract is the Baizhu of today — practicing medicine to save lives and alleviate the pains and aches of humanity, but also embedding illness deep into his own bones, where they reside forever with no hope of relief.And in the land of Rex Lapis, God of Contracts, the law is supreme and contracts must be abided by. Liyue is an ancient country with a multitude of spiritual beings and magic, and the contents and types of contracts are equally varied. But Baizhu and Changsheng never discuss the contents of their own contract, and always share the same response: Contract? It's just an agreement, you could say it's just a secret technique with a couple of restrictions on how it can be passed down. Those too old or young, those who are insincere of heart, the inhuman, all of these cannot inherit this technique... What else is there? Oh, yes. "Those not fated to cannot inherit it!"Qiqi put down the tea tray and hot water, closing the door behind her as she left. Baizhu watched her leave before let out a long sigh, as though he had a thousand worries caught in his throat, but was unable to give voice to a single one. All he could do was shift the conversation to a distant rumor—In ancient times, there was once a Mt. Yaojun, and the master of the mountain and their tea-loving friend once made a pact to wait until the tea trees on the mountain had grown, then hold a tea banquet, inviting all the adepti to partake of their tea. What a beautiful thing that might have been! But alas, of the two Adepti who made the agreement, one sank into the water like the residual remnants of tea leaves, and the other lost all ten of their fingers for picking tea, and even their memories of the past faded and were forgotten.Changsheng hissed an impatient reply: "What's so strange about that? The adepti are gone, but don't their tea trees remain? The tree and tea leaves will remember their ancient agreement in their stead. You should worry more about yourself, for if you and I leave, only Herbalist Gui, Qiqi, and the wood of the house and bricks on the floor will remember the two of us."The name of the contract with Changsheng is known as "Way of the Dragon-Dragging Jade Snake." Only the name of contract is known, and not even Changsheng can explain the details, only that she learned it long ago. If you ask who she learned it from, she cannot recall even a bit of tangential information. Talking about the distant past with Changsheng is often like this. Baizhu is used to listening to her advice, though, and understands she has good intentions. Thus did he vomit up the blood stuck in his throat before sitting up straight against the head of the bed.Changsheng glanced over: "What're you looking at me for? I don't have hands to support you with."Cradling the soup made for him by Herbalist Gui and Qiqi, Baizhu slowly drank it. He got through it one spoonful at a time, his eyes never leaving the soup for a moment, as though there was an entrancing scene of spring flowers and autumn leaves at the bottom of the bowl.The small things, one at a time. The basic essentials of daily life. Life is like soup, boiling and cooking.Bubu Friendship Lv. 4
In Liyue, a form of divination is often used to predict fortune and peril or ask the gods for guidance. The people of Liyue call their particular art "Zhanbu."It is said that in ancient times, medicine and "Zhanbu" were tightly linked and often confused. With no scientific understanding of birth, old age, sickness, or death, the ancestors could do naught but pray to the gods for wellness and take medicinal herbs for comfort.Over time, countless generations experiencing sickness and recovering upon taking different herbs were able to distill their knowledge into a set of rules, making breakthroughs in their understanding of medicine. Thus was medicine born, with trained physicians curing the sick.After becoming an heir to this medical tradition, Baizhu brought Changsheng to Liyue Harbor to open a pharmacy and practice medicine in the bustling port city. At that time, the following story took place:According to the traditions of Liyue, new businesses must divine an auspicious time for their grand opening using the art of "Zhanbu." By sticking to the preordained opening day, the business will prosper and enjoy fame and fortune.But Baizhu did not wait until the day of good fortune. One night, a mother brought her fever-stricken daughter to the door of the pharmacy, frantically pounding on the door....Early the next morning, the neighbors were shocked to discover that the pharmacy had opened several days early, with no fanfare or celebration."Aren't you afraid of going bankrupt and losing everything?" Changsheng's voice was full of regret. "All you did was treat an emergency case last night, why would you need to open up shop early?"Baizhu replied as he wrote a prescription: "Every day delayed is another day the patients must wait for their consultation. Besides, what pharmacy wants business to boom? We aren't hoping for more people to get sick, are we?""That doesn't mean you should just throw open the doors without even thinking of a name for our shop! And what about a celebratory message for the grand opening?""A name and a message... Then let us send the message that no matter the fortunes of this shop, or the diseases afflicting our patients..." Baizhu picked up the prescription note and faced the rising sun framed through the door. "...Or our fates, we don't need to ask the gods or use divination any longer."In the language of Liyue, "Zhanbu" is divination, but "bu" can also be the word for a refusal or negation. Thus, he chose a name that enshrined his beliefs.The rays of sunlight were shining through the door and the thin paper in his hand, with the words written by his hand clear and confident—"Bubu Pharmacy, Baizhu."Vision Friendship Lv. 6
When Baizhu was young, his hometown was struck by a horrific plague.Fortunately, his master was practicing medicine there, and was able to contain the spread.But no miracle could bring back the lives that had already been lost. Having lost both his parents, Baizhu began to follow in the footsteps of his master, learning the physician's art.The world is full of strange and complicated diseases, but Baizhu's master was always able to provide treatment. Studying with his master, Baizhu learned a simple truth: Disease is dangerous, but it can ultimately be overcome with human intellect....Until the day finally came that Baizhu's master was completely exhausted by the maladies brought on by a contract, and could hold on no longer.Though Baizhu had learned much in those years, he was still unable to do anything in the face of such a complicated and serious affliction.That most intractable disease in the world, the one with no cure or answer — death — had finally come for his master.Was there really no escape from sickness and death for mortals?The memories of his parents coughing blood from his youth had grown hazier over the years, but the scene of the cold tombstone of his master was crystal clear before his eyes.Standing before his master's grave, Changsheng's normally playful words were tinged with an imperceptible sense of melancholy."Who knows how many more people will take on this contract..."Baizhu did not want to see yet another precious life slip away before his eyes."No. This contract will end with me."When he next opened his eyes, they shone with a golden light, as though they were unquenchable candles.
The first thing reflected in his now vertical pupils was a Vision, appearing briefly like a firefly on his master's tombstone.The Vision was like the gaze of a god who had witness to everything, but it was also like those of his master, gentle and full of expectation.
Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with BaizhuDescription:Sincerity begets longevity.
LagenariaStory Chapter:LagenariaMeaning:Calabash 
Archon QuestsChapter IAct II: Farewell, Archaic LordGuizhongInterlude ChapterAct I: The Crane Returns on the WindJade Chamber RisingStory QuestsLagenaria Chapter (Baizhu)Act I: The Heart of HealingThe Search for a PhysicianThe Quest for a CureThe Formula for a MiracleUmbrabilis Orchis Chapter (Yelan)Act I: Calculated GambitForegone ConclusionWorld QuestsA Teapot to Call Home: Part IEventsMoonlight MerrimentPart I: One for the Foodies, Two for the ShowFleeting Colors in FlightSky-Gazers, Land-WalkersThe Stars Inscribe the Year's WishesThe Exquisite Night ChimesPart II: A Single Harmony for an Irreplaceable SoulWeb EventsHerbal RemediesDiscover TeyvatStarlit Letter
QuestsThe Formula for a Miracle in Baizhu's Story Quest, Lagenaria Chapter: Act I - The Heart of HealingQuest DomainsEntanglement of Past Dreams — The Formula for a Miracle in Baizhu's Story Quest, Lagenaria Chapter: Act I - The Heart of HealingEventsFayz Trials: HypothesisMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterTriumphant FrenzyTest Run EventsBaizhu, Ganyu, Kaveh, Candace, Fischl — 2023-05-02Furina, Baizhu, Charlotte, Beidou — 2023-11-08Wanderer, Baizhu, Layla, Faruzan, Beidou — 2024-05-14
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesHu TaoCharacter Story 4QiqiCharacter Story 3Character Story 5YaoyaoCharacter Story 5Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversGamingAbout Baizhu Media:VO_Gaming About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Gaming About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO JA_Gaming About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO KO_Gaming About Baizhu.ogg Working as a guard and doing Wushou Dancing means I have a pretty injury-prone lifestyle. Good thing is, Dr. Baizhu's medicine is always there to save the day. Seriously, it's like the one thing people should pack before going on a long journey or family vacation. My workmates at the Secure Transport Agency always get me to bring some back for them when I come to Liyue Harbor.Hu TaoAbout Baizhu Media:VO_Hu Tao About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Hu Tao About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO JA_Hu Tao About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO KO_Hu Tao About Baizhu.ogg Baizhu? Ugh, that guy...KeqingAbout Baizhu Media:VO_Keqing About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Keqing About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO JA_Keqing About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO KO_Keqing About Baizhu.ogg Everyone has faith in Dr. Baizhu's medical skills. He's the right guy to go to when you can't figure out what's wrong with you. Oh... the rumors, you say? The only one I know for a fact is true is how disgusting his medicine tastes. It's not just the kids who find it bitter, it's left me with some horrible memories, too!QiqiGood Afternoon Media:VO_Qiqi Good Afternoon.ogg Media:VO ZH_Qiqi Good Afternoon.ogg Media:VO JA_Qiqi Good Afternoon.ogg Media:VO KO_Qiqi Good Afternoon.ogg I just remembered something. I forgot to help Dr. Baizhu prepare medications.Something to Share Media:VO_Qiqi Something to Share.ogg Media:VO ZH_Qiqi Something to Share.ogg Media:VO JA_Qiqi Something to Share.ogg Media:VO KO_Qiqi Something to Share.ogg I may be a corpse, but I am in much better physical condition than Dr. Baizhu.About Baizhu Media:VO_Qiqi About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Qiqi About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO JA_Qiqi About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO KO_Qiqi About Baizhu.ogg I can never remember Dr. Baizhu's face. But I don't mind.ShenheAbout Baizhu Media:VO_Shenhe About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shenhe About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO JA_Shenhe About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO KO_Shenhe About Baizhu.ogg The quality of his medicinal herbs is as good as it gets, he is also easy-going and considerate of others. By comparison, the little snake on his neck has no filter at all... Haha, don't worry, I didn't lift a finger against it, I won't go as far as getting into a quarrel with a snake.XianglingAbout Baizhu Media:VO_Xiangling About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xiangling About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO JA_Xiangling About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO KO_Xiangling About Baizhu.ogg I can smell Mist Grasss! It must be Dr. Baizhu! What is he doing here? *Shocked* Are you OK? Do you feel faint? Is your stomach sore? Or is it a sore throat? I've got it, you're fatigued from all that adventuring! No?... You're fine? Phew! Otherwise, he would've made you drink some traditional herbal medicine — it's so bitter!XiaoAbout Baizhu Media:VO_Xiao About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xiao About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO JA_Xiao About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO KO_Xiao About Baizhu.ogg You want... Baizhu to make a medicine to take away my pain? I understand your intentions, but mortal medicine has no effect on adepti.XingqiuAbout Qiqi Media:VO_Xingqiu About Qiqi.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xingqiu About Qiqi.ogg Media:VO JA_Xingqiu About Qiqi.ogg Media:VO KO_Xingqiu About Qiqi.ogg I've always thought that there is more to Qiqi than meets the eye. But it's impossible to have a conversation with her when Baizhu's around. Hmm... We could wait till Baizhu makes a home call to one of his other patients and corner her...XinyanAbout Baizhu Media:VO_Xinyan About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xinyan About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO JA_Xinyan About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO KO_Xinyan About Baizhu.ogg Dr. Baizhu's prescriptions are the tops at preserving my voice. I did an impromptu performance for him as thanks, but... the snake he keeps around his neck fainted away. Haha, now it ducks up Dr. Baizhu's sleeve every time I'm around. I only discovered afterwards that snakes are very sensitive to vibrations.YaoyaoAbout Xiangling Media:VO_Yaoyao About Xiangling.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yaoyao About Xiangling.ogg Media:VO JA_Yaoyao About Xiangling.ogg Media:VO KO_Yaoyao About Xiangling.ogg Xiangling hasn't been, um... looking for strange ingredients lately, has she? She gave me a real fright last time. She said she was about to try some raw octopus from the Sea of Clouds. One of these days, she'll give herself an upset stomach — then what's she gonna do? 'Cause she definitely doesn't like taking Dr. Baizhu's medicine... Anyway, I got Master to try and talk some sense into her, too. Who knows what dangerous thing she'll be trying to eat next... *sigh*About Qiqi: Forever Media:VO_Yaoyao About Qiqi - Forever.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yaoyao About Qiqi - Forever.ogg Media:VO JA_Yaoyao About Qiqi - Forever.ogg Media:VO KO_Yaoyao About Qiqi - Forever.ogg I once asked Dr. Baizhu in private if there's any way to cure her, and, um... But it doesn't matter. I'll probably have to keep reminding her who I am for my whole life, but that's okay.About Baizhu Media:VO_Yaoyao About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yaoyao About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO JA_Yaoyao About Baizhu.ogg Media:VO KO_Yaoyao About Baizhu.ogg Dr. Baizhu's prescriptions are pretty effective. They're bitter, that's for sure, but they always say that about medicine: "the bitter the better"! So I get it. Huh? Too bitter for you? Don't worry, I've got some Candied Dates here. One of these after you finish your medicine will take the taste away.MailsSenderMailsQiqiBirthday. (Birthday Mail)
In the Blink of an Eye... (2024-04-25)
Baizhu shares the same Chinese voice actor with Kevin Kaslana from Honkai Impact 3rd and the male Trailblazer from Honkai: Star Rail.
During his Story Quest, Baizhu mentions a moth seeking brightness and flying to the moon. This is what Kevin (and his MOTH partners) did during their last battle in the Previous Era on the moon.
On Baizhu's release as a playable character in Version 3.6, his character model was given a new design featuring various minor changes.
Baizhu is the second Catalyst character to use melee-focused attacks, after Shikanoin Heizou.
According to Herbalist Gui, the pharmacist NPC located at Bubu Pharmacy, Baizhu has a weak constitution. Qiqi claims that even as a corpse, she's in better physical shape than Baizhu.[16] Because of this, he assigns Qiqi to handle herb-picking, and Herbalist Gui to assemble the medicines.
Baizhu has a message on the Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board, where he tells people not to be afraid of Qiqi. After Hu Tao leaves a response, telling him to bring her to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor so she can be put to rest, Baizhu replies "Please, Director Hu, no more jokes."
Baizhu is the doctor who gives Anthony the prescriptions in Miracle Medicine to cure Anna's illness.[17] After completing three versions of the commission, Anna will actually recover.
Baizhu and Changsheng may be inspired from the Chinese Legend of the White Snake, in which a snake immortal helps a struggling herbalist by curing his patients using his divine power.
Qiqi calling Changsheng "long snake" is a pun in Chinese (长长的，蛇 chángcháng de, shé, "the long, long, snake").
Before Version 3.0, he was the only individually identifiable character in the game to possess a Dendro Vision.
The Statue of the Omnipresent God was shown with a Dendro Vision embedded in it since its release in Version 2.0, and it lit up during a cutscene in the Archon Quest The Omnipresent God in Chapter II: Act III - Omnipresence Over Mortals, which was released in Version 2.1. Unfortunately, this only indicated that its owner was a member of the Watatsumi Army.
Baizhu is originally from Chenyu Vale,[Note 1] and practiced medicine there before moving to Liyue Harbor. As such, several aspects of his kit and marketing are tied to Chenyu Vale:
The landscape depicted in Baizhu's Elemental Burst Holistic Revivification resembles artwork of Chenyu Vale, especially the cinematic in The Formula for a Miracle.
The leitmotif used in his character teaser's soundtrack Whisper of Verdure and his story quest's soundtrack Pulse of Spring also plays in the Chenyu Vale soundtracks When the Herb Fades and Distant Gleam of Lingshu.
Baizhu's name (白术) is the name of the root of the Atractylodes macrocephala plant, which is used as an herb in traditional Chinese medicine.
His constellation, Lagenaria, is the name of a genus of gourd that includes the calabash or "bottle gourd." This is likely in reference to Li Tieguai (Chinese: 李鐵拐), one of the Eight Immortals, who had a calabash gourd that contained a medicine that could cure any illness, also called the "elixir of immortality." Like Baizhu, Li Tieguai was known to travel the land and cure the sick.
The fact that "Changsheng" (长生) translates to "longevity" may be a reference to Baizhu's pursuit of eternal life.
↑ In The Search for a Physician in Baizhu's Story Quest, Lagenaria Chapter: Act I - The Heart of Healing, Hu Tao mentions that her great-uncle, Baizhu's master, stayed in Chenyu Vale to practice medicine, and in Baizhu's Vision story, Baizhu's master was practicing medicine in Baizhu's hometown.
Character Title: Beyond Mortality[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishBeyond Mortality—Chinese(Simplified)遵生合和Zūnshēng HéhéChinese(Traditional)遵生合和Zūnshēng HéhéJapanese遵生合和Junsei GouwaKorean양생의 도Yangsaeng-ui DoMaster of Health CareSpanishEl Trasgresor de lo MortalThe Transgressor of Mortality[• 1]FrenchTranscendant la mortalitéTranscending MortalityRussianПреодоление бренностиPreodoleniye brennostiOvercoming of MortalityThaiหลอมจิตรวมชีพVietnameseSinh Tử Giao HòaReconciliation of Life and DeathGermanJenseits der SterblichkeitIndonesianBeyond Mortality—PortugueseAlém da MortalidadeBeyond MortalityTurkishÖlümsüzlüğün ÖtesiItalianMortalità trascesaTrascended Mortality
↑ Spanish: While trasgresor commonly means "one who violates a rule or moral law," in this context it instead means "one who goes beyond a boundary."
↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Baizhu
↑ Xiangling's Voice-Over: About Baizhu
↑ Keqing's Voice-Over: About Baizhu
↑ Xinyan's Voice-Over: About Baizhu
↑ Commission: Good Medicine Tastes Bitter
↑ Xiao's Voice-Over: About Baizhu
↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 NPC Dialogue: Herbalist Gui
↑ 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 Qiqi's Character Story: Character Story 5
↑ Qiqi's Voice-Over: About Baizhu
↑ 11.0 11.1 Hu Tao's Character Story: Character Story 4
↑ Qiqi's Character Story: Character Story 3
↑ 13.0 13.1 Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act II - Farewell, Archaic Lord, Part 6: Guizhong
↑ Xingqiu's Voice-Over: About Qiqi
↑ World Quest: A Teapot to Call Home: Part I
↑ 16.0 16.1 Qiqi's Voice-Over: Something to Share
↑ YouTube: Character Teaser - "Baizhu: An Elusive Curative"
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Baizhu Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Hello.ogg Hello. I am Baizhu, a practitioner of medicine at Bubu Pharmacy. So, are you experiencing any discomfort? If so, where? And how many days have the symptoms persisted? Hmm? You don't require medical attention? Oh, so you came to see me... Ah, then I'm sorry, I'm afraid I must ask you to wait. I'd like to see the other patients first before discussing things any further.
Chat: Let's Slow DownChat: Let's Slow DownMedia:VO_Baizhu Chat - Let's Slow Down.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Chat_-_Let%27s_Slow_Down.ogg Baizhu: *huffing* When on the road, one should take ample time to pause and appreciate the wondrous scenery along the way.Changsheng: You're about to collapse, aren't you?
Chat: Natural LawsChat: Natural LawsMedia:VO_Baizhu Chat - Natural Laws.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Chat_-_Natural_Laws.ogg Life, death... and the world around us all follow a set of laws... Hehe, but if you never test the limits, how can anyone know where the boundaries of these laws are?
Chat: Physical ConditionChat: Physical ConditionMedia:VO_Baizhu Chat - Physical Condition.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Chat_-_Physical_Condition.ogg *coughing violently* Ah, it's just some chronic problem I have flaring up again, nothing to worry about.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Baizhu When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_When_It_Rains.ogg The weather is damp and chilly. I suggest getting indoors to avoid these conditions, if possible.
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Baizhu When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Don't worry. As long as we watch the road ahead, and avoid walking under the trees, then the lightning should not pose any problems for us.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Baizhu When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_When_It_Snows.ogg Changsheng: S—So c—cold, s—so s—sleepy...Baizhu: Changsheng? Changsheng? Heh, out like a light...
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Baizhu When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg Baizhu: What lovely weather. Which reminds me, we just received a batch of herbs...Changsheng: Don't worry, even if Qiqi forgot to dry out the herbs, Herbalist Gui will certainly remember to put them out in the sun.Baizhu: Hehe. Yes, you're right.
When the Wind Is BlowingWhen the Wind Is BlowingMedia:VO_Baizhu When the Wind Is Blowing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_When_the_Wind_Is_Blowing.ogg I would advise you to stay out of such windy conditions... *sigh* Don't forget to always consider your health first.
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Baizhu Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Good_Morning.ogg Good morning. I'm in the habit of enjoying a cup of tea before breakfast. Shall I pour some for you?
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Baizhu Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Good_Afternoon.ogg You mustn't sit for extended periods of time after eating lunch. Instead, I recommend going for a walk, it's good for digestion.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Baizhu Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Good_Evening.ogg Good evening. If you're here for treatment, then I'm afraid that Bubu Pharmacy's clinic has already closed for the day. However, if you are experiencing a medical emergency, then I'll see what I can do for you, of course. If you happen to be here just to see me, then you're right on time! I'm off duty now.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Baizhu Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Good_Night.ogg Ah, you're still awake. Haha, is that a yawn I see?
About Baizhu: Modern vs. Ancient MedicineAbout Baizhu: Modern vs. Ancient MedicineMedia:VO_Baizhu About Baizhu - Modern vs. Ancient Medicine.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Baizhu_-_Modern_vs._Ancient_Medicine.ogg Yes, my master did entrust to me many medical formulas from the ancient era. However, although the ancient prescriptions were compiled by our ancestors and have stood the test of time, we mustn't also forget to look forward. Times have changed, and so have our surroundings and customs. Treatments that were effective in the bygone times may not prove to be as effective now. Clinging to the classic prescriptions of the past may not ultimately serve the best interest of the patients nowadays.
About Baizhu: Bolstering Hope Friendship Lv. 4About Baizhu: Bolstering Hope Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu About Baizhu - Bolstering Hope.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Baizhu_-_Bolstering_Hope.ogg People who suffer from chronic illnesses are often mentally exhausted, and if their condition becomes critical, they may find themselves clinging to life with only a final, thin thread of hope. At such a moment, healing their body is not the priority; the doctor should focus on bolstering their faith in themselves. After all, if the patient believes they aren't going to make it and gives up on themselves, then no medical treatment will be able to help them, no matter how sophisticated the treatment may be.
About Us: Doctor-Patient RelationshipAbout Us: Doctor-Patient RelationshipMedia:VO_Baizhu About Us - Doctor-Patient Relationship.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Us_-_Doctor-Patient_Relationship.ogg I tend to anyone who comes to Bubu Pharmacy seeking medical attention, regardless of their wealth or status. I treat everyone fairly, and I do my best to heal them. You are no exception, either.
About Us: Medicine Testing Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Medicine Testing Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Baizhu About Us - Medicine Testing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Us_-_Medicine_Testing.ogg A poison to one may be a boon to another. What may be considered to be a universally harmful substance to one group of people may prove to be the perfect medicine needed to save another room of patients. The mechanism behind this is easily understood by those well-versed in pharmacology. It's just that I can't ever tell my patients these kinds of details. If they were to find out that I gave them a poisonous substance as a prescription, it might scare them away for good.Hehe, you're the first person who's never flinched at hearing this. You are the wise Traveler after all — I'm sure you've seen a lot on your adventures. So, ahem, I suppose you'll be fine with more... potent prescriptions in the future, then? I've been worried about finding people to test my medicine on, hehe.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_the_Vision.ogg Hehe, the gods have somehow allowed a delusional person such as myself to explore the nature of life and death. This Vision was just the thing I need, and I'm most thankful.
Something to Share: Candied Fruit Friendship Lv. 4Something to Share: Candied Fruit Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu Something to Share - Candied Fruit.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Something_to_Share_-_Candied_Fruit.ogg It might sound ironic, but even I don't like taking bitter medicine. You're aware of my weak physical condition... I've been routinely taking medicine for some years now. All I can really do is eat some candied fruit afterward to get rid of the bitter aftertaste.
Something to Share: Secret Medication Friendship Lv. 4Something to Share: Secret Medication Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu Something to Share - Secret Medication.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Something_to_Share_-_Secret_Medication.ogg I've met some people who jump to conclusions and believe they've contracted some deadly disease the moment they experience even the slightest discomfort. Reasoning with them is useless. Eventually, I came up with some tasteless pills made of Sweet Flower and Qingxin, and prescribed them to these patients. After they calmed down and their "symptoms" subsided, they praised the effectiveness of my secret medication. But I suppose I can't fault them for prioritizing their health.
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Baizhu Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Interesting_Things.ogg It's said that there are a wide variety of mushroom species native to Sumeru's rainforests, and that some species can even cause hallucinatory effects, which may have medicinal value. However, I've never had the opportunity to study these mushrooms in detail. I'm thinking to go and have a look for myself the next time I'm on vacation.
About Qiqi Friendship Lv. 4About Qiqi Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu About Qiqi.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Qiqi.ogg Yes, you've guessed correctly. The preservation of a thread of Qiqi's consciousness was in fact the work of the adepti. It's also thanks to Qiqi that I managed to come up with a way to save someone on the brink of death. Since the adepti took pity on this child and even used their arts to keep her on this side of existence, I thought I'd take the opportunity to keep her around the pharmacy. There's no harm in that, is there?
About Hu Tao: Different Approach Friendship Lv. 4About Hu Tao: Different Approach Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu About Hu Tao - Different Approach.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Hu_Tao_-_Different_Approach.ogg We have some differences in ideology, that's all. I don't harbor any ill-will toward Director Hu. If anything, I think she's more wary of me.
About Hu Tao: Exhausting Encounters Friendship Lv. 6About Hu Tao: Exhausting Encounters Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Baizhu About Hu Tao - Exhausting Encounters.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Hu_Tao_-_Exhausting_Encounters.ogg Baizhu: If possible, I sincerely wish that Director Hu would be more sensible about her business practices.Changsheng: Oh, so you haven't forgotten about the time when she was disseminating flyers right outside of Bubu Pharmacy.Baizhu: *sigh* I just wish that she wouldn't be so concerned about Qiqi whenever she has nothing better to do.Changsheng: Sounds like you have something against her...Baizhu: It's not that I take issue with Director Hu... It's just that every time she kidnaps Qiqi, I have to go all the way to the Ministry of Civil Affairs to get someone to sort it all out. It's... quite exhausting.
About Ganyu Friendship Lv. 4About Ganyu Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu About Ganyu.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Ganyu.ogg Those with the blood of the adepti have strong constitutions. Even when she is ill or injured, she does not require any medicine to recover. She isn't like your average mortal, who would be left with long-term residual issues if they did not receive medical treatment after a serious injury.
About Keqing Friendship Lv. 4About Keqing Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu About Keqing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Keqing.ogg If I were to hazard a guess about her health from a face reading, I would presume the Yuheng's frequent looks of exhaustion are due to her long-time habits of burning the midnight oil and never giving her mind a rest. If she wishes to maintain her health, she should stop working and relax from time to time. Unfortunately, she is overly ambitious, and seems to be completely willing to trade her health for her career. Even if I were to tell her this myself, I'm afraid she would not listen to me.
About Yaoyao Friendship Lv. 4About Yaoyao Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu About Yaoyao.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Yaoyao.ogg Every time she comes to play with Qiqi, she complains about the taste of medicine and asks me if I have anything that isn't bitter. If the medicine will save someone's life, who cares how bitter it tastes, hmm?
About Zhongli Friendship Lv. 4About Zhongli Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu About Zhongli.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Zhongli.ogg Ah, Zhongli... Yes, I can tell he is very knowledgeable. He can carry a conversation even when discussing niche topics like ancient medicine. He must also have some habits and practices for himself when it comes to healthy living. The common headache or fever should pose no problem for him, so he doesn't need a prescription from me.
About Xiao Friendship Lv. 4 The Heart of HealingAbout Xiao Friendship Lv. 4 The Heart of HealingMedia:VO_Baizhu About Xiao.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Xiao.ogg Baizhu: Only the most magnanimous soul could labor to preserve life by slaying evil spirits. I was once fortunate enough to see the Conqueror of Demons with my own eyes. We even brought him back to the pharmacy to take care of him for a day. Unfortunately, I did not know his true identity at the time, and didn't even have a chance to speak with him before he left on his own.Changsheng: But you've seen him since then, haven't you? There's no reason to be upset.Baizhu: Yes, you're right.
About Tighnari Friendship Lv. 4About Tighnari Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu About Tighnari.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Tighnari.ogg Ah, so you have an acquaintance from the Sumeru Akademiya? In that case, could I trouble you to introduce me to this Tighnari? I have many questions about herbal medicine that I would like to ask him.
About Gaming Friendship Lv. 4About Gaming Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Baizhu About Gaming.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_About_Gaming.ogg Gaming has quite a lot of scars and old injuries compared to other people his age. And every time he comes to see me, he always seems to have a new bruise here, and a new sprain there... *sigh* No matter how many times I insist that he needs to be more careful, it always goes in one ear and out the other. All I can do is teach him some useful techniques for dressing and treating his wounds. I hope he finds them useful.
More about [sic] Baizhu: IMore about [sic] Baizhu: IMedia:VO_Baizhu More About Baizhu - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_More_About_Baizhu_-_01.ogg I am merely a mortal doctor, so I'm afraid I don't have many interesting stories to share. If you're looking for legends, then you should go to the Heyu Tea House and listen to the storytellers there.
More about Baizhu: II Friendship Lv. 3 The Heart of HealingMore about Baizhu: II Friendship Lv. 3 The Heart of HealingMedia:VO_Baizhu More About Baizhu - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_More_About_Baizhu_-_02.ogg If you're looking for some kind of thrilling story, I'm afraid I don't have one. Even when I was studying medicine under my late Master, I didn't experience any particularly dire situations. My master saw that I had a good head on my shoulders, had me swear a simple oath, and took me in... That's all there was to it.
More about Baizhu: III Friendship Lv. 4 The Heart of HealingMore about Baizhu: III Friendship Lv. 4 The Heart of HealingMedia:VO_Baizhu More About Baizhu - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_More_About_Baizhu_-_03.ogg The oath wasn't complicated. I still remember some of it:"...When a person comes seeking medical attention, I will not consider his status, nor will I be suspicious of or worry about any subsequent consequences. I shall strive to witness the patient's distress and feel it as if were my own, for this is the hallmark of a great physician."
More about Baizhu: IV Friendship Lv. 5 The Heart of HealingMore about Baizhu: IV Friendship Lv. 5 The Heart of HealingMedia:VO_Baizhu More About Baizhu - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_More_About_Baizhu_-_04.ogg I understand my master's intentions. He hoped that I would be able to put myself more in the patients' shoes, and not ever be swayed by external factors. *sigh* He really did have a compassionate heart, and was always ready to sacrifice himself for others. It's unfortunate that he passed so early and never had the chance to live his years to their fullest.
More about Baizhu: V Friendship Lv. 6 The Heart of HealingMore about Baizhu: V Friendship Lv. 6 The Heart of HealingMedia:VO_Baizhu More About Baizhu - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_More_About_Baizhu_-_05.ogg While it is a doctor's duty to save others, the doctor is also themselves a person who deserves to be saved. If we wish to preserve lives, we should strive for an outcome where everyone will live to see another day. Those who willingly give themselves up for others are worthy of our respect, but we should not accept their sacrifice as predestined or an inevitable part of life.
Baizhu's HobbiesBaizhu's HobbiesMedia:VO_Baizhu Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Hobbies.ogg I enjoy sorting medicinal ingredients and using each ingredient's unique properties to produce pills or ointments. I know this process like the back of my hand. People think that the process of making medicine is difficult and complicated, but to me, it brings endless enjoyment. Amazing, isn't it? That we can condense the bounties of heaven and earth into a tiny, unremarkable pill, and use it to bring people back from the verge of death.
Baizhu's TroublesBaizhu's TroublesMedia:VO_Baizhu Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Troubles.ogg The most difficult part of seeing patients isn't prescribing medication, but identifying the cause of the disease. *sigh* There could be a million reasons why someone may feel unwell. Maybe they were having a friendly Jueyun Chili-eating contest with someone, and ended up damaging their stomach without realizing it. Or maybe, circumstances led them to drink too much water, which caused them to start feeling nauseous. I just wish people would take better care of themselves, and find something better to do than repeatedly put their bodies through so much distress.
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Baizhu Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Favorite_Food.ogg You shouldn't be a picky eater. Meat, eggs, milk, vegetables, fruit... they all have nutritional value and should be a regular part of your diet, but you should also avoid eating too much. Eating or drinking excessively can also be detrimental to your health. Take it from me. As a doctor, I know all too well that many health crises find their way into the body from the mouth.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Baizhu Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg Why would you ever purchase so much candy? *sigh* Just be sure not to eat it too quickly, and remember that too much candy can give you cavities. Me? I seldom indulge in sweets, and I don't often eat spicy food, either. After all, if I don't watch what I eat, then how can I expect that of my patients?
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Baizhu Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg Changsheng: Superb! More please!Baizhu: It is good, isn't it?
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Baizhu Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg Well done. You culinary skills have improved.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Baizhu Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Well, at least it still tastes better than medicine.
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Baizhu Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Birthday.ogg Changsheng: Sss. Refresh my memory, Baizhu. How do we say that again...?Baizhu: Hehe. You mean how to wish someone a happy birthday?Changsheng: Yes, precisely!Baizhu: I hope that this day will be one filled with joy every year, and that you would always keep these times near. Happy Birthday, Traveler!Changsheng: Hey, so what should I say now? Let me think... Um, uh... *sigh* I can't think of anything. I sincerely wish you a happy birthday, too.Changsheng: What are you laughing at? People are so bothersome, with more traditions and twists than even a snake.
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Baizhu Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg Everything must take its due course. No need to be impatient.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Baizhu Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg Thanks to your hard work, I think I'm feeling stronger than ever.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Baizhu Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg My energy is on the rise... I suppose it is due to the recent improvements in my condition. I don't feel so weary, even after a full day of seeing patients. This is all thanks to your efforts.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Baizhu Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg You've been working hard day after day. Even though I'm the doctor, I've still had to trouble you with my health. *cough* How shameful... But don't worry. From this day on, I will take care of you.
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Baizhu Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Changsheng: The doctor will see you now~Media:VO Baizhu Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg A bitter pill to swallow.Media:VO Baizhu Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Mind the side effects.Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Baizhu Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Seems like an emergency.Media:VO Baizhu Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Remember, health comes first.Media:VO Baizhu Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Taking a turn for the better.Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Baizhu Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Sprint_Start_01.ogg *coughing*Media:VO Baizhu Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndBaizhu does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Baizhu Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Baizhu Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg Changsheng: What? So all that running around was for this?Baizhu: Changsheng, behave...Media:VO Baizhu Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg The life of an adventurer certainly isn't easy.Media:VO Baizhu Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Don't forget to wash your hands. Goodness knows where these things have been.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Baizhu Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Low_HP_01.ogg ...I can still keep going.Media:VO Baizhu Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Low_HP_02.ogg Changsheng: A slippery situation!Media:VO Baizhu Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Low_HP_03.ogg I can't... fall here.Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Baizhu Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Exercise caution.Media:VO Baizhu Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Be mindful of your injuries.FallenFallenMedia:VO Baizhu Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Fallen_01.ogg I shed... this mortal coil...Media:VO Baizhu Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Fallen_02.ogg I'm sorry... Changsheng...Media:VO Baizhu Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Fallen_03.ogg Some doctor... I am...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Baizhu Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Not my glasses...Media:VO Baizhu Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Baizhu Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Hmph, this is nothing.Media:VO Baizhu Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Baizhu Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Joining_Party_01.ogg I'll treat your wounds.Media:VO Baizhu Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Joining_Party_02.ogg Time for a house call.Media:VO Baizhu Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Joining_Party_03.ogg Hopefully, this won't take long.Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Baizhu does not feature any Character Idles Voice-Overs.Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Baizhu Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Baizhu Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Baizhu Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Baizhu Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Baizhu Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Baizhu Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Baizhu Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Baizhu_Jumping_05.ogg 
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
Baizhu can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining him and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.
Baizhu has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsFeiyun Study Room 20 1 20,000Cottage Kitchen 20 2 20,000
 The art of maintaining good health...
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo hello 01.ogg Baizhu: They say that a person's residence is an accurate reflection of their character, and I find it to be quite sensible.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo hello 02.ogg Baizhu: Now that I've seen your Realm Within for myself... Yes, you indeed possess a most intriguing character.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Baizhu: My way of living differs slightly from those of others, but please don't worry about it.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Baizhu: I've brought everything that's important to me. After all, it's a doctor's responsibility to take care of themselves first and foremost.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Baizhu: Ah, just a few things for my personal use. I'm not in the best physical condition, and have to take my medicine as soon as something begins to flare up. That's why I carry a medicine box wherever I go.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Baizhu: Apart from the medicine, there are also quite a few bottles and jars in my possession. They're heavy and take up a lot of space, so I didn't bring too many of them along.
 Feel free to bring anything you want.
 I have more than enough space to spare.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Baizhu: Thank you, but there really is... a lot.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Baizhu: You're the owner of this place, and I don't want to take excessive advantage of your hospitality.
Media:vo changsheng mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Changsheng: Ugh, look at him, mincing his words and trying to be polite. Let me explain.
Media:vo changsheng mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Changsheng: If you ask me, "a lot" is a grave understatement. You wouldn't believe how many of those jars there are.
Media:vo changsheng mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Changsheng: It'd probably take more than one empty room for everything to fit. Think twice before you say yes!
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Baizhu: Hmm... Let me write up a list then. I'll ask Gui to bring them over.
Media:vo changsheng mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Changsheng: You seriously think he'll be able to carry everything on his own? Even if he got Qiqi to help, it'd still be impossible to bring them all in one go.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Baizhu: Perhaps I should take a trip back to the pharmacy to pack everything up, and have them delivered a few boxes at a time...
 Just how much stuff do you have?
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg Baizhu: Sorry. I'm a bit of a hassle to deal with...
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Baizhu: What topics might you be interested in? I don't want to bore you with abstruse pharmacology, and you probably don't need to listen to my suggestions on healthy living.
Media:vo changsheng mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Changsheng: Weren't you rambling about your bottles and jars? I think they're good conversation material.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Baizhu: That's right. Apart from herbal decoctions, I sometimes also prescribe topical medications for my patients.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Baizhu: Topical medication often comes in the form of ointments and tinctures. The ingredients are complex and require a precise mixing ratio, so making them is a rather complicated process.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Baizhu: Of course, I wouldn't expect my patients to be experts in medicine, so I usually make everything myself.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Baizhu: The pre-processed ingredients essential for making the medicine are all soaked inside the jars.
Media:vo changsheng mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Changsheng: Yesss. There is lots of excellent stuff in there.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Baizhu: Mostly just herbs. Some contain potent toxins that must be processed before they can be used.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Baizhu: While we're on the subject, I have to remind you that to some degree, all medicines have detrimental side effects on the body.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Baizhu: The issue is not limited to a few specific ingredients — even the mildest medicines have the potential to do more harm than good if they're not used with caution.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Baizhu: You should refrain from taking medicine unless it's absolutely necessary. Mild discomfort often resolves itself with time.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Baizhu: So if you ever feel unwell, you should check in with me before taking anything.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg Baizhu: It always pays to be cautious. I had to tell you this even at the risk of sounding insufferable.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Baizhu: Anything I want to do? The human lifespan is limited to no more than a century, and we often find ourselves with endless desires and insufficient time.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Baizhu: But we don't have to start being all deep and existential in a casual conversation... There's actually something I'm planning to do.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Baizhu: Liyue Harbor is a large place. Sometimes, people get severely injured and become incapacitated, while others may land themselves in situations where it's difficult for them to ask for help.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Baizhu: In either case, it is often well past the golden hour for treatment when the doctor finally arrives at the scene.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Baizhu: People often wish for doctors to become more efficient, but I'm not able to teleport between places, and as a result, the best window for treatment is often missed.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Baizhu: In situations like this, the patient should first try to help themselves.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Baizhu: There are many ways to render self aid before help arrives, but not everyone is aware of them.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Baizhu: As a doctor, that's something within my power to change — I'm thinking of coming up with some ways to teach people basic first aid.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Baizhu: Being a doctor comes with great responsibility, so I'm just trying to do my duty.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Baizhu: I've drafted a preliminary plan, but I still need to go over a few details to make the whole process more efficient.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg Baizhu: Having someone listen to me while I think aloud at length is already a great help.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg Baizhu: I'll make sure to go over the details with you once I've put together a better plan.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg Baizhu: I might need your help again when the time comes.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo morning 01.ogg Baizhu: Good morning, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo morning 02.ogg Baizhu: The fresh and crisp morning air works wonders for lifting one's spirits. There's no better time to get a head start on any important tasks.
Media:vo changsheng mimitomo morning 01.ogg Changsheng: Hah, you both look wide awake and ready to seize the day... *yawn* You go on. I'm gonna snooze a while longer.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo night 01.ogg Baizhu: Good night, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo night 02.ogg Baizhu: It's important to follow the body's natural rhythm and rest when the sun is down. Staying up at night and napping throughout the day may sound tempting, but it's detrimental to your health.
Media:vo baizhu mimitomo night 03.ogg Baizhu: Ahem, my apologies, I wasn't trying to call you out or anything. I'm just too accustomed to reminding my patients of the importance of sleeping at the right time — I hope you don't mind.
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.
Media:vo mimitomo ly baizhu study 01.ogg Baizhu: I can tell you've put a great deal of thought into decorating the study.
Media:vo mimitomo ly baizhu study 02.ogg Baizhu: The potted plant in particular — it's refined and elegant in appearance, but still carries with it a subtle hint of the wilderness. For those who spend extended periods of time at their desk, it's no doubt a relaxing sight.
Media:vo mimitomo ly baizhu study 03.ogg Baizhu: Taking care of the mind is an important part of healthy living. In that sense, the layout of your study is an ideal one.
Media:vo mimitomo ly baizhu kitchen 01.ogg Baizhu: This kitchen looks like a convenient place for not only cooking, but also making decoctions. Thank you for inviting me here.
Media:vo mimitomo ly baizhu kitchen 02.ogg Baizhu: Hmm... This small stove will do nicely, and I already have all the other equipment with me.
Media:vo mimitomo ly baizhu kitchen 03.ogg Baizhu: It's a great relief knowing I won't have to keep my patients waiting. Thank you.
Released in Version 3.6[Create New History]
