Tighnari is the stern Chief Officer of the Forest Rangers and Collei's mentor. Despite his intelligence, he prefers to live a solitary life in the depths of Avidya Forest rather than in the ivory tower of Sumeru Akademiya.
Tighnari's outfit. Clad in the colors of wood, tree, and flower, Tighnari is surrounded at all times by natural life, determined even in fashion sense to put the "forest" in "Forest Watcher."
Unlocked upon obtaining character
Woodland Song is Tighnari's Default Character Outfit.
Tighnari has a gold earring on his right ear that is intricately carved in the shape of three dangling leaves.
Tighnari's outfit consists of a cropped dark blue hoodie with black strings, yellow trim, and red and green details. A large yellow flower adorns his right side, and then a silver badge with a green tassel on his left side. The left sleeve of his hoodie is short, decorated with a singular green leaf, and stops just above his elbow, while the right sleeve is tight and reaches until his wrists. The right of his hoodie also has a long piece of pleated white fabric with a colorful pattern that stretches down until his upper thigh. On both wrists, Tighnari wears large black cuffs, gold trinkets, and a pair of black and orange gloves.
Under this, Tighnari wears a long white tunic with a thick purple belt with numerous blue and purple ropes and other multicolored trinkets attached, along with a large purple pocket on one side and two round pins where his Dendro Vision hangs. He wears a pair of ankle-length black pants with a pleated dark blue and red overcoat, cuffs, and laced white and blue boots with green stripes. Tighnari also sports a green half-cape attached to a large gold trinket on his back.
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Tighnari 1.mp4      Media:Idle Tighnari 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Tighnari.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Tighnari.mp4      Media:Party Setup Tighnari.mp4      
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishWoodland Song—Chinese(Simplified)森林之歌Sēnlín zhī GēForest's SongChinese(Traditional)森林之歌Sēnlín zhī GēJapanese森林の歌Shinrin no UtaForest's SongKorean숲의 노래Sup-ui NoraeForest's SongSpanishMelodías del bosqueMelody of the WoodsFrenchOde sylvestreSylvan OdeRussianПеснь лесаPesn' lesaForest's SongThaiบทเพลงแห่งพงไพรBot Phleng haeng Phong PhraiSong of the ForestVietnameseBài Ca Rừng RậmSong of the ForestGermanLied des WaldesSong of the ForestIndonesianWoodland Song—PortugueseMelodia da FlorestaMelody of the ForestTurkishOrman ŞarkısıForest SongItalianCanzone dei boschiSong of Woods
Released in Version 3.0[Create New History]
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
An Avidya Forest Watcher and botanical scholar who graduated from Amurta. He leads a fruitful life of patrolling the rainforest, protecting the ecology, and lecturing fools every day.—Description from the Official Website[1]
A young researcher well-versed in botany who currently serves as a Forest Watcher in Avidya Forest. He is a straight shooter with a warm heart — and a dab hand at guiding even the dullest of pupils.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Being a Forest Watcher, Tighnari is highly knowledgeable about various species of both plants and animals, particularly flowers and mushrooms, having grown an interest due to studying his parents' books when he was young. He spends a great deal of time in Sumeru's rainforests, studying various species of plants and ensuring that the ecosystem is healthy and balanced. As the Chief Officer of the Forest Watchers, he takes his job very seriously and offers advice to those willing to listen and sternly lectures those who don't. He is very loyal to those whom he considers his friends and cares about them very deeply. 
Due to his Valuka Shuna heritage, Tighnari is particularly sensitive to weather, disliking the wind and thunder. While his kind used to live in the desert, Tighnari, having a darker shade of fur (which he attributes to his kind migrating to the forests), is notably unable to tolerate the desert heat, causing him to suffer from heatstroke faster than others. He acknowledges this as one of his weaknesses.
He serves as a mentor to Collei, who in turn sees him as a Master of some sorts and holds him with high regard. He places a lot of value on knowledge, and thus oversees her education seriously, ensuring that she understands the content to the best of her ability. While he is friends with Cyno, he does not appreciate his jokes, having been exposed to many unfunny jokes and considers them embarrassing.
Tighnari uses the medium male model. He has fair skin, chin-length dark green hair with black roots and light green streaks at the front, and pale-pupiled eyes that fade from brown to green. He also possesses large, pointy black ears and a fluffy tail in two shades of dark green.
Lushness follows the fox in the forest
A message for you. I brought back a specialty from the desert, two packs of honeyed dates, which helps to replenish your energy, whether in the morning or at night. Thank you for your patience in teaching and taking care of Collei. Good luck with your work and best wishes for Collei's studies.—An anonymously written message left inside a candy box, placed on the watcher's table.
People who encounter misfortunes in the Avidya Forest are lucky to meet a Forest Watcher named Tighnari.
But if you land yourself in trouble due to foolish antics, you might have mixed feelings meeting Tighnari.
Tighnari resolves problems quickly and professionally, but at the same time, he will give the other party a stern lecture.
As the saying goes, those who underestimate the rainforest will get taught a lesson by it, and those who underestimate a Forest Watcher will eventually face the teachings of the "Wilderness Survival Skills Lecture."
These are all rumors, but in reality, there is no need to be too stressed when encountering Tighnari. Anyone with a clear head will be able to comprehend his easy-to-understand explanations.
As for those who are set in their ways—
"What a pity, I majored in botany, and helping people grow a brain is not my area of expertise."
Those who travel through Avidya Forest will sometimes meet a rather special Forest Watcher.He has large ears, a long tail, and a slightly delicate face. If a less discerning eye were to appraise him, he might even look like some kind of small, rare animal native to the forests.But anyone who has even been acquainted with him will know that there is clarity to his words and steadiness in his bearing."One moment, please. Judging from your equipment, you're a traveling merchant bound for Sumeru City, aren't you? Come back, please, you're going the wrong way.""I mean, just look over there. The leaves are dense and the air grows damper. That doesn't seem like the main road leading to the city, no matter how you slice it.""Oh dear, your waterskin is empty, isn't it?""Come, let me share some with you. Being in a rainforest is no reason to skimp on your water supply.""If you drink any old water you find out here, you might next find yourself at Bimarstan, you know?""Of course, if that is part of your itinerary, then I suppose you have... interesting opinions."Amidst the flurry of instructions, the lost lamb will have all the arrangements made for them before they know it."Um... Thank you so much! Still, uh, might I ask who you are...?"As the other Forest Rangers look upon the traveling merchant bowing to the diminutive Forest Watcher, they cannot help but laugh."Pfft-haha! Ahem. This is our G— Well, Forest Watcher Tighnari."Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
Other than the most basic of forest maintenance, the Forest Rangers will often encounter a great number of problems whose origins lie in human hands:Arbitrarily occupied camps, shacks built by the destruction of vegetation, domestic waste dumps that may become sources of pollution, bonfire embers that have yet to fully be extinguished...In response to such situations, they must not only solve the problem at hand but also try to admonish the perpetrators, and yet these exhortations are not always accurately communicated.This would improve greatly after Tighnari joined the Forest Watchers.Part of this is his scholarly rigor — the way in which he will unceremoniously "teach" the troublemakers.But more importantly, Tighnari is able to communicate the correct way to act and the reasons behind that in a manner most comprehensible to those he teaches.The way he sees it, these crafts of living out in the wilds are also knowledge, and that getting people to accept knowledge is an art in and of itself.It is far more useful to be straightforward about the other part's errors and what is at stake as opposed to dryly giving advice.This is also why Tighnari has disagreements with the Akademiya's purveying of the Akasha Terminal.Knowledge is, in truth, the treasure of all living things. It should be passionately embraced by those who are curious about it as opposed to becoming a tool for survival, doled out in limited amounts.Unfortunately, as a young researcher, Tighnari did not have anywhere near the clout to stand against the Akademiya, and even now he can only do what he can in a limited capacity.At the same time, reality does not quite match up to one's ideals—As such, some unlucky soul getting lectured by Tighnari is no uncommon sight in Avidya Forest.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
When Tighnari first arrived at Gandharva Ville, he was still a normal member of the Forest Rangers, no different from any other Forest Watcher."Rather than taking part in all these babbling debates about all these 'big ideas,' I might as well change the forest for the better in a practical manner, using what I’ve [sic] learned."—This was how Tighnari originally felt when he first joined the Forest Rangers, a fresh graduate from the Amurta school who had parted ways with the Akademiya.But he soon discovered that the Forest Rangers had significant problems of their own.They were passionate about protecting the forest, yes, but the organization as a whole lacked rational structure and instruction with any measure of scientific rigor.Alas, change could never come without any difficulty, and yet Tighnari was never good at leaving things to rot.As such, the highly active Tighnari leapt into action to turn things around.He created a rationalized forest patrol log, assigned tasks according to each person’s [sic] strengths, and regularly conducted natural history training for his fellow team members...With the enthusiastic cooperation of his fellow rangers, the forest patrols around Avidya Forest grew ever more effective, especially around Gandharva Ville, where it could be said to be perfect.Naturally, this knowledgeable and highly active researcher would become someone whom the Forest Rangers looked up to.One day, Tighnari would discover that he had a new name amongst his colleagues."Hey there, General Watchleader! Could you look over the journal entry I wrote for today?""General Watchleader! I’ve [sic] found some baggage down in the Chinvat Ravine. I've placed at the lost and found section.""Oh no, where has Sag gone... Um, General Watchleader, have you seen it around?"He at first took this for slips of the tongue, but many recurrences later, this sign would see his brows burrow."Do we actually have that rank? Or are we going for something similar to 'General Mahamatra'?"Whatever the case, Tighnari would eventually prevail upon everyone to go back to calling him "Forest Watcher," "Master," or "Mr. Tighnari.""I'm afraid 'General Watchleader' is too great a title for me to bear," or so he said."Heh, that actually reminded me of a joke someone once told about the title of 'General Mahamatra'..."He did not make mention of this other reason for his refusal of that title.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
There was a time when a certain vibrantly-colored flower was all the rage amongst the people of Sumeru. Many people would buy it to adorn their houses, and thus it gradually became a trend.Unfortunately, this flower was not long for the world if removed from the rainforest, and would only last two days at best if so plucked.Flowers that were no longer fresh would soon be discarded, left by the wayside to rot — a shame by any standard of imagination.This could not go on. Never mind the garbage or pollution-related issues, this trend ran the risk of damaging the forest ecosystem if it persisted long enough.However, just as the Forest Rangers were mulling over this problem, Tighnari would send out an offer of cooperation with the flower sellers in the city:The Forest Rangers would help them gather fresh flowers for free, but that they should provide an additional service, informing those who came to purchase the flowers that if they sent them back by the second day, they would obtain a receipt that could then be exchanged within the next 3 days for a dried flower decoration.These decorations were of course provided by Tighnari and the Forest Rangers. The option to pay for them and how much to pay would be left up to the buyer of the flowers, just as things might go at a charity bazaar.Part of this Mora would go to the store owner as service charge for collecting the leftover flowers, and the rest would be used for funding the Forest Rangers' efforts to maintain the rainforest.This cooperation went quite smoothly indeed. The flower shop owners saved themselves the trouble of searching deep within the rainforest for their floral quarry and got some extra income; the Forest Rangers got to control the process and amount of flowers gathered, and also got some extra funds; those who bought flowers would not only receive a temporary flower as a companion, but also a more permanent memento.This all went quite swimmingly, but some rangers did not understand, asking: "Why didn't we just ban the gathering of such flowers in the first place? Wouldn't that have been simpler?"Tighnari shook his head when he heard this answer, causing his ears to shake."We shouldn't make such simple calculations. If we were to force our requests through, we would be just like a stolid lecturer who fails to have others understand, but who stirs up feelings of rebellion instead.""If that were to happen, our reputation would be the least of our woes — we would have our hands full trying to deal with those who were coming to pick flowers illegally!""In any case, trends will change. Don't worry. I'm sure the people's attention will shift to something else soon."Pragmatic as these words were, they quickly found traction with the Forest Rangers. Collei's nods were particularly rapid."The dried flower decorations that Master taught us to make have been pretty popular with the children, too!"Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
Beings of Tighnari's race are a rare and unpredictable sort, and usually give off the impression of being loners.But Tighnari's circumstances appear to have been somewhat different.Although he has spent much time meditating on his research and has spent comparatively little on cultivating relationships, he did wind up stumbling into a good number of comrades nonetheless.Tighnari had excellent grades in the Akademiya early on, and many would come to him for help with their coursework. When his seminar courses would end, he would often go along with requests for group photos.Not that he really understood them, but he agreed anyway.That was how "Tighnari knows everything, and he's so nice to talk to!" became a widespread saying, causing many to fight for his time. Even students from other Darshans would want to collaborate with him.This went on till one day, when his popularity also attracted the attention of the General Mahamatra Cyno—Forming factions and gathering forces... these were nothing if not the harbingers of academic corruption!Yet with some time spent observing Tighnari, Cyno found that the former had only received people out of the goodness of his heart.Tighnari himself only really had eyes for his work, and was dispassionate concerning the offers of others.Certainly he would agree to collaborate, but only in the interests of furthering his research in the best way possible.Ultimately, Cyno's judgment was as such: "This is an upright and reliable talent who has no questionable dealings. Threat resolved.It was perhaps due to this pure impression that the General Mahamatra, known for distancing himself from scholarship and scholars alike, would let down his guard and become friends with Tighnari in the days to come.These factors would all culminate in yet another meeting with another comrade."This young lady's name is Collei?""It's okay if you can't read or write. We all start having no knowledge — in this you are no different from anyone else.""Shall we start with writing your name, then?"Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6
All who love research share the enjoyment of performing that research and a curiosity for the unknown.This is also true of Tighnari, and indeed, his curiosity seems to have been with him since birth.While children his age were still reading fairy tales, Tighnari was already flipping through crates and shelves in his parents' study.From his father, who studied insects, he would take general textbooks, and from his paleontologist mother, he would borrow some images of fossils.Thus did Tighnari absorb all this knowledge, whether he understood it or not, while hugging his tail.Slowly, however, he found that as his knowledge increased, the unknowns that he wished to explore also grew more numerous.For example, why were other people born without ears and tails like that of his family?Flipping through all the ancient tomes he could find in his home, Tighnari discovered a manuscript left behind by an ancestor of his that concerned "Valuka Shuna."As the records claimed, Valuka Shuna were a race subject to the Scarlet King, and who dwelled in the vast desert, mostly possessing light-colored fur and large ears that were excellent at dissipating heat.Later, calamity would descend and destroy the Scarlet King's realm, with the Valuka Shuna only surviving due to the grace of the Dendro Archon, which turned their fur green."It is worth noting that while Valuka Shuna were noted to have been more like foxes, the meaning of their name was 'large desert dog.'""According to a human friend of mine who has a very close relationship with the forest, it was a little creature known as an Aranara that gave them this name.""Oh my," Young Tighnari thought in shock, "so I'm a 'large desert dog!'"To be more precise, it was the fact that his ancestors had lived alongside the Valuka Shuna that they did end up inheriting some of their traits.But of course, such technicalities were of no importance to an excited child. Thus did Tighnari immediately ask his father to bring him — the 'large desert dog' back to the desert to have a look on his next surveying trip.Unfortunately, they met with an accident. Not a few meters into the desert, Tighnari fell into a faint from the heat and had to be rushed back to the rainforest."Oh no," Tighnari thought sadly as he convalesced in his treehouse, "the 'large desert dogs' have devolved in my generation."Many years later, the ignorant child had become a reliable researcher, and this event had become a joke consigned to the past.Nowadays, Tighnari not only knows why those little Aranara gave them this name, but also why he faints easily from the desert heat.The former is simple. Foxes and dogs are, biologically speaking, both canines, so the Aranara might have viewed them as interchangeable.As for the latter, though Tighnari is loath to admit it, it probably had something to do with what his father said then as he tousled his hair."This lad's fur is an intensely dark shade of green. He's going to have trouble in the desert heat for sure!"Researcher's First Magnifying Glass Friendship Lv. 4
When little Tighnari would explore alone in the rainforest, he would carry a magnifying glass with him.That was a gift from his mother. Light and cogent in design, it could immediately be recognized as a tool suited for children."Your ears can already help you hear sounds from reeeaaally far away, so let this magnifying glass help you see smaller things!"Thus did Tighnari use this device to see the veins on the back of leaves, the powder that hung off butterfly wings, and the trails of the rainforest snakes...It was through this gradual observation, collection, and consideration that he was eventually admitted into Amurta early, beginning his official learning journey under the Sage there.Tighnari placed the magnifying glass, scarred and weathered by many years of use, on top of his brand new invitation letter, placed his hands on his cheeks, and thought for a good long while.Finally, he had this constant companion of his converted into an ornament that he might wear on his person.He knew that once he entered the Akademiya, he would study more complex books and access more marvelous instruments, and that there was little place for this old beginner's magnifying glass.However, it would always be his companion in his search for knowledge, and would follow him to see lands wider and vaster still.Vision Friendship Lv. 6
Academic conferences are unavoidable at the Akademiya, no matter whether one is here to learn or work.Those at the podium will wax lyrical, and those in the audience will give their support. This sight is most commonplace at such conferences.But strictly speaking, what researcher, adrift amidst the vast sea of information, will not make mistakes in their investigations?At one such conference that Tighnari attended, one speaker spoke of things that Tighnari knew to be untrue.Then, he was just a bystander and a listener. Glancing around his surroundings almost subconsciously, he noticed that neither his classmates nor his teachers had said anything.What should he do? Perhaps everyone indeed knew what the problem was, but did not want to make the speaker lose face.Or perhaps he was the only one who had noticed the problem, and his silence now would cause misinformation to spread...But Tighnari did not hesitate long before steeling himself.Though both his status and the scene were obstacles in his path, the rigor of knowledge eventually won out.After all, knowledge was like a star blazing through the night sky. Nothing would divert its path.So thinking, Tighnari raised his hand—"My apologies. If I may interject—"The researcher onstage was at first a bit shocked to hear his gentle voice, but reacted swiftly and invited him to elaborate.As it turned out, Tighnari had done the right thing.The speaker, after having processed enough of the information, accepted his corrections earnestly.And once their exchange had ended, other students and teachers in attendance would also speak in their turn, leading to new research angles opening up for the topics discussed at the conference. Tighnari himself would also receive namecards from some well-known researchers.Once the whole incident was over, Tighnari would heave a sigh of relief.That was a fortunate... No, indeed, a joyous thing that those who studied alongside him also accorded knowledge the gravitas it deserved.But he had not yet counted on something still more fortunate and joyous to occur.When the meeting ended and Tighnari stood to leave, he heard a crisp, clear "clink!"—Lo and behold, a Vision rolled off his garments onto the chair below.
Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with TighnariDescription:Tighnari takes good care of his big, fluffy tail. The essential oil he uses was extracted from flowers and mixed together meticulously. It gives off a faint, calming scent.
Vulpes ZerdaStory Chapter:Vulpes ZerdaMeaning:Fennec Fox 
Archon QuestsChapter IIIAct I: Through Mists of Smoke and Forests DarkA Forest of ChangeFurther ObservationChronic IllnessSilent Seeker of KnowledgeAct III: Dreams, Emptiness, DeceptionThe Gaze From a Certain GodAct V: Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAs by a God's SideWhere the Boat of Consciousness Lies (cutscene)A Toast to VictoryStory QuestsLupus Aureus Chapter (Cyno)Act I: Sands of SolitudeAll Returns to SilenceAct II: OathkeeperThe Mysterious LetterAfter ReposeFootprints Sunken Beneath the SandsSage of SagesThe Dead Past is the Living PresentVulpes Zerda Chapter (Tighnari)Act I: The Unanswerable ProblemsThe Start of ContaminationInto the HinterlandHeart of the MachineGarden MemoriesHangout EventsFaruzanAct I: A Confounding ConundrumA Mysterious Senior...?Early Learning MechanismWanderings of a Lonesome ShadowKavehAct I: The Pendulum of Weal and WoeWondrous TimesEventsWindblume's BreathWindblume FestivalPart I: A Gathering of OutlandersPart II: A Riddle Amidst the CrowdsPart III: Joy Above the CloudsA Parade of ProvidenceAct I: Comings and GoingsOpening FestivitiesAct II: Beginnings and EndingsCompetition on the SandsAct III: Gatherings and PartingsTo Claim the CrownThe Arc of IntellectWeb EventsGo Go, Forest Rangers!Canvas of Starlight MemoriesGratifying GatheringDiscover TeyvatDiscover Traces, Explore Nature
QuestsHeart of the Machine in Tighnari's Story Quest, Vulpes Zerda Chapter: Act I - The Unanswerable ProblemsSage of Sages in Cyno's Story Quest, Lupus Aureus Chapter: Act II - OathkeeperQuest DomainsThe Contamination's Source — Heart of the Machine in Tighnari's Story Quest, Vulpes Zerda Chapter: Act I - The Unanswerable ProblemsEventsTablet AnalyticsHyakunin Ikki 2022-10-10Brewing DevelopmentsDivine Ingenuity: Collector's ChapterTest Run EventsTighnari, Zhongli, Collei, Diona, Fischl — 2022-08-24
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesColleiCharacter Story 1Character Story 2VisionCynoCharacter DetailsCyno's Genius Invokation TCG Deck BoxFaruzanCharacter Story 3SethosCharacter Story 2Character Story 5Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversAlhaithamAbout Tighnari Media:VO_Alhaitham About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Alhaitham About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Alhaitham About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Alhaitham About Tighnari.ogg Apparently, a lot of people think he has a bad temperament, but I don't think they're giving him a fair chance. When Kaveh built a house right over a Withering Zone and created a huge mess, it ended up being a real headache for the Forest Rangers. Even so, this Forest Ranger didn't hold it against Kaveh. He even invited Kaveh to his house for a meal. Hmm, maybe it's good people like him who allow people like Kaveh to survive.BaizhuAbout Tighnari Media:VO_Baizhu About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Baizhu About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Baizhu About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Baizhu About Tighnari.ogg Ah, so you have an acquaintance from the Sumeru Akademiya? In that case, could I trouble you to introduce me to this Tighnari? I have many questions about herbal medicine that I would like to ask him.ColleiAbout Collei Herself: Cram Media:VO_Collei About Collei Herself - Cram.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei About Collei Herself - Cram.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei About Collei Herself - Cram.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei About Collei Herself - Cram.ogg Hmm? You wanna know what it is that I'm studying every day? ...Y—Yes, my master is a brilliant intellectual, but no, he's not teaching me anything heavily academic at the moment. It's, um... heh, "Basic Literacy in Teyvat"...About Us: New Friends Media:VO_Collei About Us - New Friends.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei About Us - New Friends.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei About Us - New Friends.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei About Us - New Friends.ogg I used to think that I'd never make a single friend in my whole life, but things changed when I went to Mondstadt... Then after that, I met Master in Sumeru. Now I've met you, too. All in all, I think I've been really lucky.Something to Share: Skill Names Media:VO_Collei Something to Share - Skill Names.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei Something to Share - Skill Names.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei Something to Share - Skill Names.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei Something to Share - Skill Names.ogg Master is always reminding me that practice makes perfect, so I sometimes try reading some light novels to improve my reading ability... Because they're at least easier to read than Master's essays. But recently, I was reading this book where the main character has loads of different skills. Each one has a name, and I didn't know a single word in any of them... Hmm? The title? I think it was, um... "Onibudou"? Have you read it before?Interesting Things Media:VO_Collei Interesting Things.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei Interesting Things.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei Interesting Things.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei Interesting Things.ogg Well, there's plants and animals, there's ones you can eat and ones you can't, but beyond that it's all much of a... uh, muchness really? ...Shh, don't tell Master I said that. Although... personally, I guess I quite like trees that have a hollow in it? Especially in those moments where I just want to curl up in a ball and hide away. Everyone must have moments like that, right? ...No?About Tighnari Media:VO_Collei About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei About Tighnari.ogg Although Master can be quite stern and is always criticizing adventurers for carelessly eating poisonous mushrooms, he is actually a gentle soul. He's so patient when he tutors me, and he even reads out letters from Mondstadt for me. I've always been very grateful to him.About Dori Media:VO_Collei About Dori.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei About Dori.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei About Dori.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei About Dori.ogg I ran into her once on forest ranger duty. She pulled out a bottle of fruit juice from her bag that looked really tasty, as if she somehow knew I was thirsty... Fortunately, Master was there, and he stopped me from spending all of my hard-earned Mora in a moment of weakness...Least Favorite Food Media:VO_Collei Least Favorite Food.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei Least Favorite Food.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei Least Favorite Food.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei Least Favorite Food.ogg During my wandering days, there were times when I had to crack open Wolfhooks and force them down if I didn't want to go hungry, so there aren't really any foods that I especially hate. If I had to pick one thing that I won't touch, it would be mushrooms of any kind. Nothing to do with the flavor — I just don't want to ever be the one on the receiving end of one of Master's stern lectures...Receiving a Gift: III Media:VO_Collei Receiving a Gift - 03.ogg Media:VO ZH_Collei Receiving a Gift - 03.ogg Media:VO JA_Collei Receiving a Gift - 03.ogg Media:VO KO_Collei Receiving a Gift - 03.ogg Sorry, Master says I'm not supposed to eat anything that looks suspicious.CynoAbout Tighnari: Knowledge Media:VO_Cyno About Tighnari - Knowledge.ogg Media:VO ZH_Cyno About Tighnari - Knowledge.ogg Media:VO JA_Cyno About Tighnari - Knowledge.ogg Media:VO KO_Cyno About Tighnari - Knowledge.ogg Tighnari is different from other scholars I've met. He has the same wholehearted dedication to knowledge, but he will never cross the most important boundaries. Some scholars see themselves as gods within their own laboratories, but not Tighnari — he has always shown the same respect for every form of life. I've heard that he even declined a position in the Akademiya, and I support his decision.About Tighnari: Jokes Media:VO_Cyno About Tighnari - Jokes.ogg Media:VO ZH_Cyno About Tighnari - Jokes.ogg Media:VO JA_Cyno About Tighnari - Jokes.ogg Media:VO KO_Cyno About Tighnari - Jokes.ogg Tighnari once told me not to tell jokes at the dinner table, insisting that my jokes weren't funny at all. I did not share his opinion, so I told three of my best jokes in a row, and explained the premise of each in great detail. By the time I was done talking, my food was cold.About Kaveh Media:VO_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO ZH_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO JA_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Media:VO KO_Cyno About Kaveh.ogg Tighnari and Collei never said it to my face, but they found Kaveh's personal anecdotes far more entertaining than the jokes I had prepared... I could see it on their faces. Hmm? What did I think about that? Well, I thought it was funny that they could laugh at such a situation.DehyaAbout Tighnari Media:VO_Dehya About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Dehya About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Dehya About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Dehya About Tighnari.ogg Hahaha, the one that got away... I came thiiis close to doing a job for that guy. A contact put us in touch — I was supposed to be his guide through the desert for some kind of investigation. But then it got canceled out of the blue, no idea why. Wait, actually... I think there was something about him not being good with the heat? I'm not sure, but it could have been that...DoriAbout Tighnari Media:VO_Dori About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Dori About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Dori About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Dori About Tighnari.ogg He loves learning as much as I love Mora. I heard he makes a lot of little interesting gadgets, but he refuses to partner with me to mass produce them. He always says he's too busy with work, but really it's just an excuse. sigh A shame, really... We could make an absolute fortune!FaruzanAbout Tighnari Media:VO_Faruzan About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Faruzan About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Faruzan About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Faruzan About Tighnari.ogg One of my favorite projects is researching rainforest ruins. Ah right, I should ask Tighnari to come with me next time. It's always fun to travel with the living copy of the Rainforest Survival Guide. I must say, even though I've been around for more than a hundred years, he's seen far more varieties of fungi than I've had the chance to taste...About Collei Media:VO_Faruzan About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Faruzan About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Faruzan About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Faruzan About Collei.ogg Ah, Collei... She's respectful toward her elders, diligent, and has a hard-working attitude — truly the perfect student! Children like her deserve all the affection and praise. Tighnari really has no reason to be as strict as he has been. Hmph... I need to find a way to win her over... Ahem! What I meant to say was, as a senior scholar, I should find ways to improve the learning environment of younger students.KavehAbout Tighnari Media:VO_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Kaveh About Tighnari.ogg Ah, Tighnari... He's one of the nicest guys you could know. If you've met him, you'll know what I mean. He's kind, and he has enormous expertise in his field, but he never brags about it in front of other people. And he seems to genuinely care about his work.Back when I was building the Palace of Alcazarzaray, I asked him for some tips on how to pick out the right ornamental plants. After he wrote back to me, he also helped me out with some other issues, too. Oh, and I almost forgot — he was the one who first introduced me to Cyno.About Cyno Media:VO_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Media:VO JA_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Media:VO KO_Kaveh About Cyno.ogg Cyno can come across as cold and ruthless, but he's actually a very big-hearted guy. I still remember how shocked I was when Tighnari said he was gonna introduce me to his best friend, and then a couple of seconds later, an incredibly intimidating matra comes walking through the door... I honestly never expected to meet a matra who's so comfortable hanging out with scholars. Gotta say though, I can't stand his sense of humor. It really makes my skin crawl. If he ever invites you to a meal at Tighnari's place, make sure someone's bringing beer, because no one should have to endure Cyno's humor while sober.About Collei Media:VO_Kaveh About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Kaveh About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Kaveh About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Kaveh About Collei.ogg I've met Collei quite a few times now. As Tighnari's student and assistant, she follows him everywhere. With her diligence and patience, she's much more responsible than most other kids her age. But, umm... I can also tell that she's got a lot going on inside.LisaAbout Collei Media:VO_Lisa About Collei.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lisa About Collei.ogg Media:VO JA_Lisa About Collei.ogg Media:VO KO_Lisa About Collei.ogg Ah, dear little Collei. Every time she writes to me, she tries out new words and expressions she's learned recently... Hehe, no wonder she's improving so quickly. That wonderful and warmhearted master of hers must have helped a lot too.NahidaAbout Tighnari Media:VO_Nahida About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nahida About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Nahida About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Nahida About Tighnari.ogg The Forest Watchers played an essential role in helping the rainforest to withstand the Withering and continue to flourish, and Tighnari is the best of them all. Still... I do hope he learns to be a little gentler with people. Otherwise, it's gonna be difficult for the Forest Rangers to attract new top talent.NilouAbout Tighnari Media:VO_Nilou About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Nilou About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Nilou About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Nilou About Tighnari.ogg I hear he's a really talented botanist. He must be good at telling apart mushrooms. At least, he would never have to worry about eating a poisonous one... I'm so jealous.SethosAbout Tighnari Media:VO_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO JA_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Media:VO KO_Sethos About Tighnari.ogg Tighnari's made of strong stuff. I only found out after the fact that he doesn't cope well with the desert climate — never would've guessed from how he performed in the Rite of Duels. I was also surprised when he sent me a letter inviting me to visit Gandharva Ville, saying it would be a good chance to meet some of Cyno's friends. Are those guys always such a hoot with their jokes? Dinner with them must be hilarious — I can't wait!MailsSenderMailsColleiAw, What to do... (Birthday Mail)Storybook... (Birthday Mail)
Tighnari's constellation seems to represent a Fennec fox (desert fox), an animal that is native to the North African deserts as a whole.
Tighnari shares the same Japanese voice actor with Raven from Honkai Impact 3rd.
Tighnari is the first 5-Star character released since Version 1.0 to be added to Wanderlust Invocation, being available as a Standard Wish character from Version 3.1 onward.[2]
Tighnari is designed by Japanese artist pako.[3]
Tighnari is younger than Cyno.[4]
Tighnari is mentioned in the descriptions of the following 2 Furnishings: No Jumping, No Tramping Wood-Carved Cape: Polymath
The name Tighnari is likely derived in part from al-Tighnari (Arabic: الطغنري), an Arab botanist, traveler, physician, and poet from the period of Islamic Golden Age. Tignar is the name of the disappeared village where al-Tighnari was born and nicknamed as, which is located between the existing Albolote and Macarena in the province of Granada, modern day Spain.
Additionally, the name Tighnari also has roots in Tamazight, a major language of the Amazigh, an ethnic group indigenous to, and spread throughout, North Africa. Much of Tighnari's design has potential inspirations from traditional Amazigh clothing and accessories, and his ears and tail are those of a fennec fox, also native to North Africa, making it likely that his name is an allusion to both the Arabic and Tamazight origins.
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishVerdant Strider—Chinese(Simplified)浅蔚轻行Qiǎnwèi QīngxíngChinese(Traditional)淺蔚輕行Qiǎnwèi QīngxíngJapanese緑土逍遥Ryokudo ShouyouA Walk in the Verdant AreaKorean신록신록新綠의 발걸음Sinrok-ui BalgeoreumStep of VendureSpanishEl Caminante de la EspesuraThe Thicket WalkerFrenchMarcheur verdoyantVerdant WalkerRussianЗелёный странникZelyonyy strannikGreen WandererThaiย่างก้าวในแดนไพรYang Kao Nai Daen PhraiA Walk in the Forest LandVietnameseDạo Bước Rừng XanhA Walk Through the Green ForestGermanWanderer im GrünenWanderer in the CountrysideIndonesianVerdant Strider—PortugueseAndarilho VerdejanteVerdant WandererTurkishYeşil YolgezerItalianVagabondo verdeggianteVerdant Wanderer
↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Tighnari
↑ YouTube: Version 3.0 Special Program: Event Wish Preview
↑ Twitter: Artist Self Announcement
↑ Event Windblume's Breath Quest, Windblume Festival: Part II, Part 2: A Riddle Amidst the Crowds
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
For the Voice-Overs used prior to Version 3.6, see Voice-Overs from 3.0 to 3.5.
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Tighnari Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Hello.ogg Hi there. I'm Tighnari, Forest Watcher of the Avidya Forest. My duty is to preserve both the rainforest's ecosystem and the safety of its visitors. If this is your first time here, I suggest you first peruse the Avidya Forest Survival Guide, paying particular attention to the chapter "Distinguishing Between Edible and Poisonous Mushrooms."
Chat: Leaf BookmarkChat: Leaf BookmarkMedia:VO_Tighnari Chat - Leaf Bookmark.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Chat_-_Leaf_Bookmark.ogg If you press a leaf between dry sheets of paper, you can make an attractive and handy bookmark.
Chat: MistakesChat: MistakesMedia:VO_Tighnari Chat - Mistakes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Chat_-_Mistakes.ogg Don't be afraid to make mistakes. It's all part of the learning process.
Chat: The Value of KnowledgeChat: The Value of KnowledgeMedia:VO_Tighnari Chat - The Value of Knowledge.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Chat_-_The_Value_of_Knowledge.ogg The value of knowledge cannot simply be quantified in monetary terms.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Tighnari When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_When_It_Rains.ogg I'm used to the rain, but you should probably use an umbrella.
After the RainAfter the RainMedia:VO_Tighnari After the Rain.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_After_the_Rain.ogg I applied a plant-based waterproofing oil to my tail. One swish and it's dry.
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Tighnari When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Ah, the thunder's so loud! Ugh... My head hurts...
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Tighnari When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_When_It_Snows.ogg I don't see weather like this very often! Oh, are you cold? If you want, you can tuck your hands into my tail.
When the Wind Is BlowingWhen the Wind Is BlowingMedia:VO_Tighnari When the Wind Is Blowing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_When_the_Wind_Is_Blowing.ogg My ears... My ears... They're going to be blown inside out!
In the DesertIn the DesertMedia:VO_Tighnari In the Desert.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_In_the_Desert.ogg Gah, it's so hot... Even a Mist Flower would melt in this heat... Ah, now that I think about it, it wouldn't... but you get what I mean, hehe... Ugh...
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Tighnari Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Good_Morning.ogg Shh, listen! That's the sound of dew dripping upon the leaves.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Tighnari Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Good_Afternoon.ogg During lunch breaks, I like to sit in a tree and admire the sunlight streaming through the canopy. If I'm not careful, I'll fall asleep... Hehe.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Tighnari Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Good_Evening.ogg Good evening. I'm preparing to go observe bioluminescent flora. Want to come?
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Tighnari Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Good_Night.ogg Get some sleep. I'll be on guard duty — it'll be a good time to write today's patrol log entry.
About Tighnari: ProfessionAbout Tighnari: ProfessionMedia:VO_Tighnari About Tighnari - Profession.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Tighnari_-_Profession.ogg I studied botany in the Amurta Darshan. My academic adviser wanted me to join the faculty after graduation, but to be quite honest, I prefer a somewhat freer research environment. From my observations, the way that the Akademiya handles certain matters leaves much to be desired. Fortunately, my adviser didn't push the issue — heh, not like that would've worked.
About Tighnari: KinAbout Tighnari: KinMedia:VO_Tighnari About Tighnari - Kin.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Tighnari_-_Kin.ogg Many people think that my kind are loners, and I don't blame them for thinking that. The few of us around are mostly scholars, and we're always chasing our research — so you'd be lucky to spy a single tuft of tail fur in a whole year. Like my father, for example. He's an entomologist, and lately, he's been studying the evolution of beetles in the desert... I have no intention of joining him. I'm ashamed to admit that I don't tolerate the sun very well. Prolonged exposure turns my brain and body into mush.
About Us: Getting AlongAbout Us: Getting AlongMedia:VO_Tighnari About Us - Getting Along.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Us_-_Getting_Along.ogg I believe that the best way to achieve mutual understanding with someone is to spend time with them. Other methods are less realistic. That's why there is no need to rush introductions. Time will settle everything.
About Us: Friends Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Friends Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Tighnari About Us - Friends.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Us_-_Friends.ogg "Are we officially friends?" What, so this sort of thing needs official documentation now? Okay then... Well, hand over your "friendship certificate." I assume it'll need my signature.
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Tighnari About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_the_Vision.ogg I remember praying as a kid that if I were lucky enough to receive a Vision, it had to be a Dendro one. It wasn't because of research. I just wanted to make a vine ladder to reach high-hanging fruit.
Something to Share: AranaraSomething to Share: AranaraMedia:VO_Tighnari Something to Share - Aranara.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Something_to_Share_-_Aranara.ogg I've heard about the Aranara for some time now, but I haven't personally seen any. Sometimes, I hear rustling sounds from the forest's depths, but they disappear when I go closer. That's a good thing, though. At least they know how to protect themselves, unlike those stupid adventurers whose first thought when they run into an Avidya Leopard is "Ooh, maybe I'll form an inter-species friendship today."
Something to Share: Karkata Friendship Lv. 4 The Unanswerable ProblemsSomething to Share: Karkata Friendship Lv. 4 The Unanswerable ProblemsMedia:VO_Tighnari Something to Share - Karkata.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Something_to_Share_-_Karkata.ogg Don't worry about Karkata. I told the Matra I know that it's my research assistant. If anyone wants to do anything to it, they'll need to go through me. ...Since you seem to care a lot about Karkata, why don't you enroll in some courses at the Spantamad Darshan? That way, you can care for it even if I'm gone.
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Tighnari Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Interesting_Things.ogg Did you know that plants can camouflage themselves? Some mimic insects or birds to intimidate their natural predators, others produce bait to attract pollinators, and still others are obligate carnivores that utilize enticing fragrances or honey to lure in their prey... Hmm, I feel like I'm not just talking about plants anymore.
About Collei Friendship Lv. 4About Collei Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Tighnari About Collei.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Collei.ogg When that child was first brought here, she was effectively illiterate. It wasn't a huge issue, though. She's a hard worker and a diligent student, so she's made good progress. Still, her goal is to learn advanced medical techniques, so she still has a long way to go. She sometimes puts too much pressure on herself... Help her out when you can, would you? Consider it a favor for me as her mentor. Thanks a lot.
About Cyno: General Mahamatra Friendship Lv. 4About Cyno: General Mahamatra Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Tighnari About Cyno - General Mahamatra.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Cyno_-_General_Mahamatra.ogg You want to see Cyno...? Well, firstly, a word of caution: if he ever comes chasing you down for work-related reasons, prepare for the nightmare of a lifetime. Other than that, General Mahamatra is a high-ranking position, so it usually isn't easy to find him. But he does occasionally go to Gandharva Ville to see Collei. As much as he might want to stay unnoticed, he can't fool my ears.
About Cyno: Good Question Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout Cyno: Good Question Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Tighnari About Cyno - Good Question.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Cyno_-_Good_Question.ogg After my adviser's rescue, I wrote him a letter to send my regards. To my surprise, he wrote back saying that someone had already given him my regards in person. He ended the letter with a question "The General Mahamatra said he hopes that the sages will enjoy 'a more tasteful reputation' thanks to the efforts of our Darshan. Whatever do you suppose he meant by 'a more tasteful reputation'?" ...It's a good question. I'd like to know, too.
About Alhaitham Friendship Lv. 4About Alhaitham Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Tighnari About Alhaitham.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Alhaitham.ogg Be careful of Alhaitham. I'm not saying he's a bad guy, but he purely operates by rationality, so people often find his actions unacceptable. If you don't believe me, just ask his roommate — thanks to Alhaitham, he has more pent-up frustration than an angry Anemo Slime.
About Kaveh Friendship Lv. 4About Kaveh Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Tighnari About Kaveh.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Kaveh.ogg Kaveh is a famous architect in Sumeru. The Palace of Alcazarzaray is his magnum opus. During the initial planning, he even asked me to recommend suitable ornamental flora. I don't know why or how, but he ended up heavily in debt after the palace was completed. Alhaitham is helping out by letting him stay at his place, but... I don't know whether that's a blessing or a curse...
About Dori Friendship Lv. 4About Dori Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Tighnari About Dori.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Dori.ogg The renowned Lord Sangemah Bay is none other than Dori. I became acquainted with her through a previous research project. It had required very rare materials, and the only way I could get them was through her and her mysterious supply network. Uh... never you mind what I was buying and what I was researching, thank you very much!
About Layla Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout Layla Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Tighnari About Layla.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Layla.ogg I've heard of her, the famous "Sleepwalking Eccentric." The rumors about her sleepwalking are really quite absurd: feats of superhuman strength, sprinting through Aaru Village at night, scaling the Wall of Samiel with her bare hands... Some even say that she can write a 100,000-word thesis while asleep! What a load of nonsense.
About Lisa Friendship Lv. 4About Lisa Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Tighnari About Lisa.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Lisa.ogg Cyno has mentioned her before — an extraordinary genius with a veritable wealth of knowledge and talent. A pity that she returned to Mondstadt so long ago. Perhaps, in the course of her study, she witnessed the horrifying side of knowledge...
About Lesser Lord Kusanali Friendship Lv. 4About Lesser Lord Kusanali Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Tighnari About Lesser Lord Kusanali.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Lesser_Lord_Kusanali.ogg As a student, I once heard this saying: "Plants and the Land of Dendro share the same history." It could just be one of those things that people say, but I've always felt that there's a deeper meaning to those words... If I meet Lesser Lord Kusanali one day, I wonder if she would explain them to me?
About Dehya Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout Dehya Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Tighnari About Dehya.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Dehya.ogg Everything happened so fast, and I didn't get the chance to properly thank her. To have a capable and reliable person like her on your side is extremely fortunate. I'm sure she must have many groups trying to persuade her to join their ranks. But she definitely doesn't strike me as the kind of person who would be interested in joining the Akademiya or the Forest Rangers, so I'll spare myself the inevitable rejection.
About Faruzan Friendship Lv. 4About Faruzan Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Tighnari About Faruzan.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Faruzan.ogg Madam Faruzan possesses an extensive wealth of knowledge. I often invite her to inspect the mechanisms in the rainforest. The next time she's in Gandharva Ville... *sigh* I hope she doesn't sneak Collei more food. Nutrition is like medicine: moderation is key.
About Sethos Friendship Lv. 4About Sethos Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Tighnari About Sethos.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_About_Sethos.ogg Sethos? Pretty interesting guy. He's like a distant cousin of Cyno's. Really easy to get along with. Last time he visited us in Gandharva Ville, he insisted on showing off his tent-pitching skills and had a fishing competition with Cyno. Collei got really upset, because she thought there was nothing for her to do anymore...People say Sethos is good at keeping himself amused — he certainly seems pretty cheerful. But he takes his work very seriously. Hmm, although I don't know how accurate "work" is — I think he sees his role at the Temple of Silence as more of a kind of duty. Anyway, if you ever find yourself needing assistance in the desert, I'm sure he'd be a good person to go to.
More About Tighnari: IMore About Tighnari: IMedia:VO_Tighnari More About Tighnari - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_More_About_Tighnari_-_01.ogg Are you acclimating to the rainforest? I suggest that you keep your eyes and ears open. Take care of yourself, and if anything happens, just flag down a Forest Ranger.
More About Tighnari: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Tighnari: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Tighnari More About Tighnari - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_More_About_Tighnari_-_02.ogg *sigh* Sometimes I really do envy those simpletons who go around touching and eating anything and everything. In their minds, it must feel like miracles happen every day.
More About Tighnari: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Tighnari: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Tighnari More About Tighnari - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_More_About_Tighnari_-_03.ogg To better serve the Avidya Forest, I occasionally offer training courses to the Forest Rangers. If you want to split hairs, then yes, these courses would be considered as "dissemination of information" by the Akademiya. But what are they gonna do — lock me up? I dare them. We'll see how many patients suffering from weird and wonderful ailments start flooding into the Bimarstan every day!
More About Tighnari: IV Friendship Lv. 5More About Tighnari: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Tighnari More About Tighnari - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_More_About_Tighnari_-_04.ogg I'll let you in on a secret: I actually really like the atmosphere in the Grand Bazaar. Business is booming, everyone's so lively, and the theater is full of song and dance. Unfortunately, my ears don't tolerate loud sounds very well... Huh? You'll cover my ears for me? ...It'd be way too hard to walk like that! Thanks for the thought, though.
More About Tighnari: V Friendship Lv. 6More About Tighnari: V Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Tighnari More About Tighnari - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_More_About_Tighnari_-_05.ogg I had many beautiful and fantastical dreams as a child, but they vanished from my memory one day after I grew up. Do you still have dreams? Tell me about them.
Tighnari's HobbiesTighnari's HobbiesMedia:VO_Tighnari Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Hobbies.ogg Leaves and flowers often drop onto the ground of the Avidya Forest, sometimes perfectly intact. Leaving them on the ground would be such a pity... I can't help but pick them up and keep them as biological specimens. They can be used as educational materials for Forest Rangers or as decorative pieces. Very versatile.
Tighnari's Troubles Friendship Lv. 6Tighnari's Troubles Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Tighnari Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Troubles.ogg Troubles? Let me think... Pollution in the Avidya Forest, adventurers who constantly stir up trouble, and rescue dogs that always want to mess with my tail... But these problems all have solutions. If you're talking about bigger concerns, then I really don't have any. In this regard, the life of a Forest Watcher is pretty simple.
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Tighnari Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Favorite_Food.ogg This may sound strange, but although the blood of a carnivore runs through my veins, mushrooms are the one food that I can't give up. There are many species of edible mushrooms. Whether fresh or dried, they all give off a unique scent. Even when stewed with meat, it's the mushrooms' aroma that comes out on top.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Tighnari Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg My olfactory system is overly sensitive, so I lack the good fortune to enjoy heavily spiced foods... Quite the shame in Sumeru.
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Tighnari Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg Excellent ingredients and impeccable seasoning. In short — it's delicious.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Tighnari Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg Nice flavor pairing. Could you give me a copy of the recipe? I want to put this on the menu for the Forest Rangers' next meal.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Tighnari Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg ...Do I need to teach you some new recipes?
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Tighnari Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Birthday.ogg Happy birthday! I picked out a potted plant in full bloom for you, along with a gardening guide. If anything happens to it, don't hesitate to find me at any time. This plant comes with a Forest Watcher lifetime guarantee.I'll have you know a lot of flowers are in season on your birthday. It took me forever to choose one. I'll get you a different species next year!
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Tighnari Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg Germinating seeds break through the soil and take root.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Tighnari Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg Seedlings grow, reaching out with their branches and leaves.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 3Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 3Media:VO_Tighnari Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg Branches dotted with flower buds herald the advent of spring.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Tighnari Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg A rich harvest that will lead to even richer ones.
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Tighnari Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg One with the forest.Media:VO Tighnari Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Enshroud!Media:VO Tighnari Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Can't see?Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Tighnari Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg I'll uproot you!Media:VO Tighnari Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Let's nip that in the bud!Media:VO Tighnari Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg I hear everything!Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Tighnari Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Keep up.Media:VO Tighnari Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndTighnari does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Tighnari Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Tighnari Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg Why is there a chest here?Media:VO Tighnari Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg Erm... I think we can forgo the lost-and-found report.Media:VO Tighnari Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg *sniff* Smells like something good is inside.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Tighnari Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Low_HP_01.ogg Ugh, what a drag.Media:VO Tighnari Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Low_HP_02.ogg My tail's all messed up...Media:VO Tighnari Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Low_HP_03.ogg Time to pull some weeds.Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Tighnari Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Go get yourself patched up.Media:VO Tighnari Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Safety first.FallenFallenMedia:VO Tighnari Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Fallen_01.ogg Dust... to dust...Media:VO Tighnari Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Fallen_02.ogg I've not finished... my research...Media:VO Tighnari Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Fallen_03.ogg Flowers haven't bloomed yet...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Tighnari Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Excuse me?Media:VO Tighnari Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Who do you think you are?Media:VO Tighnari Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Tighnari Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg One thing after another!Media:VO Tighnari Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg I'll bury you.Media:VO Tighnari Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Tighnari Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Joining_Party_01.ogg I'll lead the way.Media:VO Tighnari Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Joining_Party_02.ogg *sigh*... Who ate a poisonous mushroom this time?Media:VO Tighnari Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Joining_Party_03.ogg Let's go gather some samples!Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Media:VO Tighnari Standby 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Standby_01.ogg Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Tighnari Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Tighnari Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Tighnari Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Tighnari Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Climbing_03.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Climbing 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Climbing_04.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Climbing 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Climbing_05.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Tighnari Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Tighnari Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Tighnari Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Tighnari_Jumping_05.ogg 
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
Tighnari can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining him and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.
Tighnari has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsForest Patrol Anecdotes 20 1 20,000Chorus of Desert and Wood 20 2 20,000
This article is about the current Voice-Overs. For those used prior to Version 3.6, see Voice-Overs from 3.0 to 3.5.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo hello 01.ogg Tighnari: Hello there.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo hello 02.ogg Tighnari: I could hear you coming from miles away.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Tighnari: Hmm, this place has a peaceful environment and a wonderful view. Very pleasant.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Tighnari: ...Perhaps a little too pleasant.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Tighnari: Look, I've already mapped out an itinerary of my stay.
 You're planning on doing some forest-watching here?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg Tighnari: Haha, that would be going too far. This place was constructed by magic, right? I don't sense any dangers.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg Tighnari: And I'm guessing that the only ones who can get in here are those you have specifically invited.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04a 3.ogg Tighnari: If they're your friends, I'm sure they won't cause any major disturbances.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04a 4.ogg Tighnari: ...Right? They wouldn't, would they?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg Tighnari: Erm... half and half.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04b 2.ogg Tighnari: I'm just wandering around here and there, observing various flora as I always do.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04b 3.ogg Tighnari: This is equal parts research and normal life.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04b 4.ogg Tighnari: But I should probably take a more relaxed approach while I'm here. I'll only plan 60% of my typical itinerary.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04b 5.ogg Tighnari: Should you need me, come find me any time.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Tighnari: Of course. Anything you want to talk about?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Tighnari: If you let me start the conversation, it would definitely be about plants.
 It's fine. I was expecting that, anyway.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg Tighnari: Oh? So you're ready for class?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Tighnari: Then let us begin with the basics. Botany is a branch of biology that focuses on the morphology, taxonomy, ecology, genetics, and evolution of plants.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Tighnari: The basic taxonomical classification of plants is as follows:
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Tighnari: No daydreaming, sleepyhead! This is what you asked for.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Tighnari: ...Heh, alright, I'm only teasing. People who don't work in this field don't have to bash their heads against the books.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Tighnari: However, you spend a considerable amount of time traveling and traipsing through the outdoors. It would behoove you to learn a thing or two about common plants.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Tighnari: For instance, discerning a plant's growth patterns to orient position, how to use stems and leaves to acquire potable water...
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Tighnari: Which fruits are edible and palatable, which herbs are suitable for cooking with meat...
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg Tighnari: Hey, what's the matter with you!? Is this what happens when you hear anything remotely about food?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg Tighnari: Ah yes, your little partner...
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg Tighnari: She doesn't seem the most... intellectual sort, but she cares deeply about you.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg Tighnari: Even if it's only for the sake of protecting your companion, you should learn more about the natural sciences.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg Tighnari: Ah... Sorry, I slipped into training mode there for a second, look at me, talking to you like you're a rookie Forest Ranger. ...Please forgive me.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg Tighnari: Anyway, you're smart enough to understand what I meant.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg Tighnari: If you ever wish to learn more about flora, my door is open any time.
 Is there anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Tighnari: Me? Just thinking about some recent tasks that need to be completed.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Tighnari: This week, I have to observe some experiments and record their results at Pardis Dhyai. It's also about time to draw up the next patrol schedule for the rangers...
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Tighnari: Nothing especially urgent, though, so this can all wait.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Tighnari: So? Anything in particular you want to do?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Tighnari: Oh? So then, why did you ask?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Tighnari: Alright, I'll go ahead. Please answer one question for me.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Tighnari: Yes or no: Do you want to rub my ears?
 Wha... You're turning this back to me!?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 08a.ogg Tighnari: Don't blame me, I gave you the opportunity to go first.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 08b.ogg Tighnari: Your gaze seems to have been wandering slowly earwards the whole time we've been talking.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Tighnari: Actually, uh... I don't really mind if someone I'm close to rubs my ears, you know?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Tighnari: I'm not sure why, but everyone always seems to think that it would make me angry.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg Tighnari: Over time, "Do not discuss ears or tails in Tighnari's presence" became something of an unspoken rule.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg Tighnari: It can sometimes be quite amusing to watch people's faces as they stumble over their words.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg Tighnari: It's probably for the best, anyway. It might get irritating if people I barely knew started coming up to me and getting all touchy-feely.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg Tighnari: Of course.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg Tighnari: They might not feel as nice as you're imagining, though. They honestly just feel like anything you'd find on a regular cat or dog.
 Well, I'll be the judge of that.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg Tighnari: I give you an inch, so you take a mile?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 17.ogg Tighnari: ... *sigh* Okay, fine.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 18.ogg Tighnari: As long as you're happy.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 19.ogg Tighnari: I'd be willing to take hundreds of group photos with you, so a pat or three is nothing.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo morning 01.ogg Tighnari: Morning. The day's plans are best made at dawn. The early bird catches the worm.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo morning 02.ogg Tighnari: Early-rising worms might object to this, of course, but that's just how the food chain works.
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo morning 03.ogg Tighnari: See, no matter how early they rise, a tree's leaves will still get eaten by insects. You don't hear them complaining, do you?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo night 01.ogg Tighnari: You aren't asleep yet, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler)?
Media:vo tighnari mimitomo night 02.ogg Tighnari: If you're still awake at this hour, then how about I borrow you as my research assistant?
This article is about the current Voice-Overs. For those used prior to Version 3.6, see Voice-Overs from 3.0 to 3.5.
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.
Media:vo mimitomo xm tighnari ranger 01.ogg Tighnari: This cabin looks very familiar indeed. I see you've been treating our excursions as an opportunity to admire the scenery in quite some detail...
Media:vo mimitomo xm tighnari ranger 02.ogg Tighnari: Just being here makes me want to start planning my schedule... Force of habit, I suppose.
Media:vo mimitomo xm tighnari ranger 03.ogg Tighnari: Well, there's plenty of space — would you like to sit with me and try your hand at writing something yourself?
Media:vo mimitomo xm tighnari vegetation 01.ogg Tighnari: Very diverse range of plants you have here. Clearly, you have a keen interest in botany.
Media:vo mimitomo xm tighnari vegetation 02.ogg Tighnari: Excellent. If nurtured, a budding interest can become a fruitful source of knowledge. In fact — why don't you tell me about each of these species? Their growth habits, preferences, et cetera?
Media:vo mimitomo xm tighnari vegetation 03.ogg Tighnari: Don't worry, I'm here to fill in anything you leave out. I have a feeling it'll stick in your memory this time.
Released in Version 3.0[Edit History]Version 3.2
The following Furnishing Sets were assigned as favorite for this character:
Tighnari was released as Companion.
