She is the strongest Champion Duelist in Fontaine.[6] She once served as Furina's bodyguard, and has a history with Navia.
This page is in need of information.Can you help out? Click here to add more.
Clorinde's outfit. Without the strength to enforce their authority, the dignity of the law and the order of justice start to seem fragile indeed. And Clorinde in her work uniform is the ultimate guarantor.
Unlocked upon obtaining character
Sword of Honor is Clorinde's Default Character Outfit.
Clorinde's outfit consists of a white dress shirt, a purple ribbon with gold and light blue accents that sits on her chest with her Electro Vision at the center, and white gloves. She also wears a black underbust corset, which has a light blue inner part and four golden buttons, black, a high-waisted pencil skirt worn over nylon tights, black thigh garters on her legs, and black and white ankle-length heeled boots. Clorinde also wears muted blue, water droplet-shaped earrings and a bycocket hat. Over her uniform is a short blue cape with epaulets that hangs off her shoulders. A longer patterned blue cape with gold tassels hangs off her left shoulder and reaches past her knees.
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Clorinde 1.mp4      Media:Idle Clorinde 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Clorinde.mp4 File:Talent Menu Clorinde.gif   Media:Weapon Menu Clorinde.mp4 File:Weapon Menu Clorinde.gif   Media:Party Setup Clorinde.mp4 File:Party Setup Clorinde.gif   
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishSword of Honor—Chinese(Simplified)荣光之剑Róngguāng zhī JiànSword of GloryChinese(Traditional)榮光之劍Róngguāng zhī JiànJapanese栄光の剣Eikou no KenSword of GloryKorean영광의 검Yeonggwang'ui GeomSpanishEspadachina del honorSwordswoman of HonorFrenchÉpée de la gloireSword of GloryRussianМеч славыMech slavySword of GloryThaiดาบแห่งความรุ่งโรจน์VietnameseThanh KiếmThanh Kiếm之劍 Vinh QuangVinh Quang荣光Sword of Glory‍[※][※]Partially from Sino-Vietnamese reading of Chinese nameGermanSchwert der EhreIndonesianSword of Honor—PortugueseEspada da HonraTurkishOnur KılıcıItalianSpada d'onoreSword of Honor
Released in Version 4.7[Create New History]
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
The mightiest Champion Duelist. Sword in hand, she defends justice in the Court of Fontaine.—Description from the Official Website[1]
An undefeated Champion Duelist. Sword in hand, she defends justice in the Court of Fontaine.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Clorinde uses the tall female model. She has long dark blue hair with a lighter blue streak styled in a low ponytail with some of her hair partially covering her right eye and bright purple eyes.
Vanquisher of Phantoms, Vigil of the Long Night
...Word to the wise, friend. The evidence against you is irrefutable. If you want to uphold your honor, atonement is an option. You could still do much good... There's no need to resort to a duel. I mean, your opponent is Clorinde. *That* Clorinde, you hear? Oh, for the love of the Fountain of Lucine... If you go up against her, you'll wind up without even the strength to confess your crimes!—A sincere letter that a certain wealthy merchant who had pleaded "Not Guilty" received on the eve of a duel.
Disputes are a Mora a dozen in Fontaine, day in and day out.
A playwright might accuse a fanatical reader of imitating their style and taking up a pen name too close to their own, to the point that even the newspapers could not distinguish the genuine article. A merchant might accuse a colleague of targeted, malicious, cutthroat competition, of not only constantly adjusting their prices, but of intentionally setting up shop directly opposite them...
Ordinary disputes can be settled by Gardes rushing onto the scene, but there are always a minority of claimants who, thinking themselves most clever in their ulterior intent, will obstinately press for court proceedings just to get their name out there — and if their duel applications were to be approved, they might be famous indeed!
However, if some well-meaning neighbor were to tell them: "I've heard that the most recently rostered Champion Duelist is Miss Clorinde..."
These same clever folk would almost instantly be deflated of all their arrogant airs, like a Violetgold Angler Gull caught by the neck, and cease such prattle altogether.
For all are well-acquainted with the name of the "mightiest" Champion Duelist.
Beneath her blade, all despicable deeds that aim to capitalize on mere fortune under the guise of decency will show their true colors — and she has never once known defeat in a duel.
"...Ahem. Oh, uh... I suppose there's no need to go that far, is there?
So does a clever person, very nearly hoisted by their own petard, flee the scene.
And thus is another such altercation, undercut by ulteriority, discreetly dissipated.
Disputes are a Mora a dozen in Fontaine, day in and day out.A confectioner might accuse another of stealing their recipe — and not only that, but replacing Bulle Fruit peel with Mint, thus bringing disgrace not only upon themselves, but upon the very dessert itself! Or a playwright might accuse a fanatical reader of imitating their style and taking up a pen name too close to their own, to the point that even the newspapers could not distinguish the genuine article. A merchant might accuse a colleague of targeted, malicious, cutthroat competition, of not only constantly adjusting their prices, but of intentionally setting up shop directly opposite them...Almost everyone claims to be wholly in the right, appealing incessantly for the support of passersby in the hope of swaying the crowd and winning their case in the court of public opinion.Most of the time, such disputes are settled with relative ease, either by Gardes or by Gestionnaires rushing onto the scene. But there will always be a minority of claimants who, acting with ulterior intentions, will obstinately press for court proceedings just to get their name out there."I'll see you in court!" comes the challenge. When things reach this stage, any hope that the voice of reason might prevail starts to buckle under the unstoppable force of emotion, neither side willing to give an inch as they begin to square off for a legal showdown.Until, that is, an exasperated Gestionnaire standing by — long since having given up any hope of successful mediation — interjects in a tone of despair:"Alright, I respect your right to take this to the courts. But before you do, you must make the following preparations...""...Once judgment is pronounced, if you believe the verdict to be unjust, you may propose that the matter be settled by a duel.""To my knowledge, the most recently rostered Champion Duelist is Miss Clorinde..."As soon as the name of Clorinde is mentioned, all bickering comes to an abrupt halt.For all are well-acquainted with the name of this undefeated Champion Duelist. Beneath her blade, all despicable deeds that aim to capitalize on mere fortune under the guise of decency will show their true colors — and she has never once known defeat in a duel."...Ahem. Oh, uh... I suppose there's no need to go that far, is there?"Thus are such marketplace altercations, undercut by ulteriority, temporarily dissipated. Watching the two self-seeking merchants leave the scene with their tails between their legs, the Gestionnaire lets out a knowing laugh, then gives the younger, still uncomprehending colleague beside them a pat on the arm, and says:"You see, the sword is mightier than the pen, after all."Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
"If you find yourself facing Clorinde, you'd be better off accepting your verdict immediately." Whether you heard it from the mouth of one who had known the misfortune of facing Clorinde themselves, or someone who had merely watched her dueling from the safety of the stands, there's next to no chance that this would have been said in jest.Take some of those who lost their duels with her in under a minute, for instance. A young lady who sought to prepare by tightly wrapping lengths of cloth around her hand so that she would not lose her grip on the hilt of her sword. Before she knew it, the strips of cloth had been cut off one by one with pinpoint precision, and her weapon sent spinning up into the air with such ease that it resembled a sewing needle. Or those flustered "gentlemen," somewhat of a recurring type, who turn up sporting all sorts of hidden gadgets from head to toe — pistolets stuffed into their hats, daggers in their shoes, powder bottles up their sleeves. Once their tricks have been spent, they end up being thrown on their backsides without exception, now facing the additional charge of "contempt of court." And that's not even to mention those desperate individuals who, by leveraging all means available to them, seek to curry favor before the duel has even begun, painting themselves as victims in a vain attempt to win the people's sympathy. But this doesn't change the inevitability of their defeat in the dueling ring. After all, a sword tarnished by a sheath of lies is no use for cutting anything.But there is a benefit to the existence of this motley crew of failed scoundrels and slapstick comedians — namely, they serve as counterexamples helping the crowds recognize those others who are willing to duel with real honor, and when there is indeed some truth in the "justice" that they proclaim. Even if such a person ends up losing, people will listen to what they have to say — for they see that this is someone who stands firmly by their beliefs, and has the courage to draw a sword in their defense.Some say that when Miss Clorinde fights such individuals, she holds back slightly and never uses her full strength. A member of the audience, having once witnessed such a duel up close, even swore up and down that he saw the corner of Miss Clorinde's mouth curl up very slightly in what must have been approval. And surely, it is only in facing such opponents that the true meaning of the word "duel" is given its full expression, no?But Clorinde cares not whether the audience is moved by her duels, nor to hear the internal monologues they might inspire.As far as this Champion Duelist is concerned, the only meaning to be taken from a duel comes from facing your opponent on fair terms to determine a winner, a loser, and the righteous cause.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
Clorinde cuts a dashing figure during duels, and her bearing has won her many admirers.These "enthusiastic" citizens have carefully analyzed every aspect of this Champion Duelist's being.Where did she learn her skill with the blade? Was it passed down through her family, or acquired unexpectedly? Might the explanation for her outstanding swordsmanship be that she is the last in the line of some fallen dynasty that once practiced the art?It is said that she performs a "sword cleansing rite" before each of her duels. But with what does she cleanse the body of her sword? Water of the highest purity, drawn directly from the Fountain of Lucine? Some kind of special cleansing ointment? Or could it be that, to strengthen her connection to her weapon, she even adds a touch of... her own blood?No, no, no! The great power of this "rite" surely lies not in the mere cleansing of her sword, but rather in her calling upon the spirit of some master swordsman to possess her, thus explaining her unbroken streak!For a time, the figure of this undefeated Champion Duelist became shrouded in all kinds of colorful stories, driving the citizens (mainly the journalists, to be precise) into a frenzy of gossip and curiosity.Finally, driven to exasperation by all the reporters hiding in the bushes and flower beds by their main entrance, the court authorities assembled the journalists and released an official statement:"The weapons and methods employed by Miss Clorinde in her duels — and this goes for all our other Champion Duelists too — are entirely mundane, and not, as rumor would have it, imbued with exaggerated powers of any kind..."A wave of indignation spread through the audience, their expressions making clear that they remained utterly unconvinced."If such unfounded rumors begin to exert a pernicious and malign influence on public opinion, the courts reserve the right to formally bring proceedings against those deemed responsible for fabricating and propagating said rumors..."This threat was met with disdain by the journalists, whose Kameras continued to shoot away without any sign of stopping."...Let it be known, responsibility for the execution of the duties of Champion Duelist for all relevant trials is hereby entrusted to... Miss Clorinde!"With this, the journalists fell silent all at once.To this, Clorinde — who, having been forced to attend this farce of a press conference, was sitting off to one side — nodded and replied:"Of course. That's my job."And so were the absurd rumors about Clorinde finally brought under control. Nowadays, the only traces of that storm of conjecture still to be found are contained within the pages of a few daring theater scripts and edgy novels.But were you to confront any one of the playwrights or novelists concerned, they would, without exception, firmly deny any taking any inspiration whatsoever from those rumors.Nope, absolutely no connection to those old fabrications whatsoever, none at all!Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
In truth, those rumors that Clorinde had been dabbling with supernatural forces were indeed completely unfounded.The formidable fighting talent of this Champion Duelist had its origins instead in the legacy of a group that once hunted down phantoms throughout the land of Fontaine: the "Marechaussee Hunters."Legend has it that at the time of Fontaine's founding, there was a hero who went by the name of "Golden Hunter." To wipe out the monsters that threatened the peace of Fontaine, it was he who founded the Marechaussee Hunters, gathering a band of heroes — among them the descendants of the Lochknights — to hunt down monsters and villains across Fontaine, leaving behind countless heroic legends in their wake. Yet once peace had finally been restored throughout the land, the name of the "Marechaussee Hunters" gradually fell into obscurity.Today, when the people of Fontaine speak of the Marechaussee Hunters, most know only of the "Hunter's Oath," having heard it mentioned in some play or novel."From this day, I pass the candle's shadow-veil.""Now, as we face the perils of the long night...""I pledge to remember the oath of daylight.""To enshrine tears, life, and love.""Holding dawn's coming as my votive.""And so shall I never despair."For most Fontainians, the story of the Marechaussee Hunters is now but a legend full of drama and excitement.But to Clorinde, the deeds and oaths of the Hunters are her living, breathing inheritance.The first thing she learned from her mentor, the Marechaussee Hunter Petronilla, was the swordsmanship required to slay monsters. The approach of the Hunter requires them to stay as close as possible to their prey so that they might plunge their blade into weak points with lightning-fast agility. To train her in this technique, Petronilla consigned Clorinde to a room filled with rotating pillars, each of which had been set up with many wooden swords protruding outwards, their tips covered with cloth bags."They might contain candy, or they might contain metallic sand. Or perhaps they'll contain all the hair I've lost while teaching you...""You can chop open these bags or simply avoid them. I'll leave you to make that call.""Seeing as you've already had lunch today, you might as well keep going all the way through to dinnertime. Remember, try to reserve enough strength to eat. Alright, begin!"By undergoing such training, Clorinde not only developed the Marechaussee Hunter's skills of marksmanship, tracking, camouflage, and footwork, but also learned their method of quickly revealing their identity when encountering fellow Hunters in order to avoid accidental injury.Yet Clorinde has never mentioned the hardships she endured during her training to anyone else. After all, she is now a Champion Duelist of the Trial Court, not a Marechaussee Hunter from centuries past.She trusts that her mentor, who left without so much as saying goodbye, would understand her decision. The Marechaussee Hunters once wielded their swords to slay fierce monsters in defense of Fontaine's peace and stability. It is only natural, then, that their inheritor should do so to strike down lawless villains.Even if her mentor had objected, Clorinde would not have minded settling their debate in the time-honored fashion of the Marechaussee Hunters.After all, as Ms. Petronilla once said herself, if Clorinde could defeat her, she'd be willing to listen to the latter's dissenting opinion.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
When the boss of the "Tabletop Troupe" first saw Clorinde visiting his club, he was at a complete loss as to how to react.Before him was the legendary Champion Duelist herself, complete with tricorne hat, impeccable uniform, even pistolet and sword hanging by her waist. For a time, memories of mistakes he'd made in his past (some of which were not even technically mistakes...) flashed before his eyes, interspersed with frightful fragments of duels he'd witnessed. With the "Welcome!" he'd normally have greeted a new face with stuck in his throat, all he could do was stand there, not knowing what to say.After much consideration, just as this "Welcome!" was about to come out as "Please, have mercy!" Navia, who had followed Clorinde in, laughed and began to speak."My friend here has expressed an interest in experiencing the Tabletop Troupe for herself! So, how about it? Any fun scripts you'd recommend?""She's no beginner though. She can be very picky about script quality, so make sure it's the best one you've got!"To give the boss some credit, though he still failed to produce any semblance of a "Welcome!" he did manage to turn "Please, have mercy!" into something... Well, not quite as embarrassing, at least.Namely... "Uh!?"He then proceeded to rush about like a headless chicken, gathering up nearly all the scripts in the store. He brought them everything from their most popular script, "Era of the Bronze Oath," to their most complex story, "Chronicle of the Spiral Ring," to the irreplaceable classic, "Valley of the Gray Wolf: 3rd Edition: 2nd Expansion"...After this somewhat unorthodox "ice breaker," the Tabletop Troupe suddenly found it had a new regular: Clorinde. Following an initial period where they were likewise immobilized by astonishment, the other customers gradually mustered up the courage to invite her to play the latest scripts with them. Presented with such expectant invitations, she said yes to them all.They were soon to find out that, regardless of which script they played, this "new player" invariably demonstrated an unparalleled aptitude for roleplaying. No matter how small, she never missed a single clue in the script, nor the chance to make the most of it, following up leads with precision so that the story would develop in the most natural way imaginable.On top of this, everything that Clorinde did was always completely in line with all the rules. Many of those who have played with her have come away expressing sentiments along the lines of: "Miss Clorinde's so in control, it feels like she's a Game Master rather than another player like us!"Hearing such things, Clorinde would only ever give a noncommittal smile in response. It's not like she could admit that the only reason she found it all so easy was that she'd been the Game Master for Navia's scripts all this time — and thanks to her friend's endless barrage of weird and wonderful ideas, had been thoroughly trained in the art of quick thinking — could she? It would be such a long, complicated thing to explain...But after having enjoyed the experience of being just a regular player, Clorinde decided to take up the mantle as Game Master once more, if for no other reason than to save the Tabletop Troupe's own, entirely blameless Game Masters from being perpetually tormented by Navia's endlessly active imagination. And for the boss, the other customers, and even Navia herself... it turned out to be a critical success!After all, no one in the room could claim to understand the meaning of "impartiality" better than this Champion Duelist. No bribes could sway her when she was presiding over a script — not even cake, fries, or Bulle Fruit!In the face of such temptations, she'd simply watch as the players racked their brains for a solution, then flip over the rulebook and reply: "We've still got plenty of time. Keep thinking."When yet another script reached its conclusion under Clorinde's masterful guidance, a certain young Gestionnaire turned to their companions, laughed, and said:"And to think, we all used to imagine that Miss Clorinde spent the entirety of her waking hours dealing with duel-related matters!"As she tidied up the table, Clorinde stopped to think for a moment, then with a slight shake of her head, responded:"I don't tend to work evenings."Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6
As Clorinde sees it, there is no difference between the duties of a Champion Duelist and a Marechaussee Hunter.Marechaussee Hunters fought to defend the peace of Fontaine by hunting down monsters that ravaged the land. As representatives of Fontainian law and order, Champion Duelists punish criminals who attempt to exploit its loopholes and shortcomings for personal gain. Moreover, their existence not only gives those who wish to defend their honor the chance of a fair duel, but also an opportunity to speak for themselves.But once the dust has settled and the wrongdoers have all been punished, what are those who fight for justice to do with the swords they took up in its name?Petronilla once told Clorinde the tale of a Marechaussee Hunter who became obsessed with exterminating monsters. When the day came that the land had been cleansed of their shadow, it didn't take long before he began to feel lost. After a life spent hunting monsters, what purpose did his life have now that their mortal enemy had been vanquished? After giving the matter much thought, he decided to carry on living as he had, severing his connections with the Marechaussee Hunters so that he might continue hunting down monsters alone... Petronilla did not say what became of him in the end, only the following:"When a sword has forsaken its scabbard, the most it can hope for is simply to rust away."This seemed to confuse Clorinde, who was still a child at the time. Seeing this, Petronilla raised up the coffee spoon in her hand, then pointed it at a cube of sugar and asked:"Clorinde, can you tell me what this is? This is an important question, now. You'll get a glass of Bulle Fruit Juice if you can answer it correctly."Clorinde blinked, then with a slight hint of uncertainty in her voice, answered: "It's... a sugar cube?""So you are on the ball then... Remember your answer, Clorinde." replied the veteran Marechaussee Hunter. "When someone points at a sugar cube with a coffee spoon, they want you to focus on the sugar, not the spoon they're using to point at it.""The whole reason that the Marechaussee Hunters fight is to restore peace to everyone's lives. Of course, this 'everyone' includes themselves.""The sugar cube you're after is a happy, peaceful life. Fighting is merely the spoon you use to get it.""Remember what you're fighting for, and never let the means become the end.""Otherwise, you'll turn into the fool who sees only the spoon, not the sugar — and your coffee will forevermore taste unbearably bitter."As dusk fell, the first lights began to illuminate the Court of Fontaine. People rushed to and fro across the city, scenes of mirth and merriment all over.Clorinde sat there finishing off the last drops of her coffee, Café Lutece's latest creation. She'd been intrigued when she heard that the base was made from fresh, in-season fruit juice instead of the usual syrup they use to neutralize the taste.Tomorrow's my day off, she thought to herself. I'll get a good night's sleep, then head out early to buy some flowers and fruit. I'm meeting Navia in the afternoon over at the Tabletop Troupe to play through their latest script.Looks like it's going to be a busy day...Spearing her last crumb of cake, the undefeated Champion Duelist popped it into her mouth, savored its exquisite texture, then stood up and left."Marechaussee Hunter's Legacy" Friendship Lv. 4
If you're looking for the most characteristic element of Clorinde's outfit, look no further than the coat-tail cape that hangs down behind her.For Clorinde, this cape is a "keepsake" in the truest sense.When she was but ten years old, the mentor who had trained and looked after her, Petronilla, left without saying goodbye. Even Mr. Callas, who always seemed to know everything, hadn't the slightest idea where the Marechaussee Hunter had gone. Not only did Clorinde turn the whole room inside out; she also went back to all the places where she had once trained to search for clues; but in the end, there was nothing that might indicate where her mentor had gone. In all her searching, the only thing she found was a long, slim, dark blue cape hanging in the closet.Clorinde had never seen her mentor wear this cape before; she always wore a black one. Even if Clorinde had somehow managed to forget this, the Gardes who Petronilla had often run rings around — combined with all the wanted posters pasted on walls throughout the city — would have reminded her anyway....But on the inside of the cape, you could clearly make out the unmistakable imprint of the Marechaussee Hunter's insignia. There was also a necklace with a dagger-shaped pendant that had her name carved into it — a belated birthday gift, it seemed.But this cape and the insignia upon it... Were they really a parting gift, or just another one of her mentor's tests?Clorinde couldn't tell, but she kept the items nonetheless.If it was a test, then she'd do everything in her power to prepare for the final trial that awaited her.Even if the trial should span the rest of her life.Vision Friendship Lv. 6
Within the first five minutes, Clorinde had disarmed the examiner. At first, he simply looked like his patience was wearing thin; but now, all that was left was shock. It wasn't long after before she'd left the three other duelists, who had rushed down upon hearing the news, speechless in the dueling ring. The normally cold and cheerless courts were soon bustling with excitement, almost to the point of becoming unbearably loud. The "Duelist's Trial," which in theory was only supposed to last three rounds, was — thanks to the enthusiasm of the duelists — fast developing into a fully-fledged "King of the Hill" gauntlet. Clorinde had no objection to this, her only reply being expressed through the sword in her hand. From start to finish, there wasn't a single moment where it seemed to flag or lose its edge.From then on, all that Clorinde had to do was apply herself to learning the various rules and other ins and outs of being a Champion Duelist... whilst simultaneously taking part in all kinds of duels.Though Clorinde's reputation of being undefeatable soon became known by all, and many of her opponents would rather surrender immediately than face her, she still wasn't an official Champion Duelist."Your swordsmanship may well be flawless, but be that as it may, fighting a duel isn't always so simple." said those veteran Champion Duelists. "You'll also need to undergo a special... or shall we say, less one-dimensional combat challenge to prove that you're up to the job."Though Clorinde didn't understand what this meant at the time, several days later, she was forced to take part in the first truly challenging fight of her life.Her opponent was a wealthy merchant who was known to her. This gentleman had been accused of employment abuses, not only arbitrarily cutting his laborers' wages, but completely ignoring their health. The divers he'd hired, being wracked with all sorts of unbearable illnesses, could stand it no longer — hence why they had teamed up to bring this merchant to the courts. And the verdict had already been pronounced: Guilty of exploitation, beyond a shadow of a doubt.But the merchant demanded that the trial be settled by combat, insisting that the whole affair was an unprecedented slight toward his reputation:"Who else but I would be willing to hire these people?""If I'm put away, they'll all starve to death! Kind, merciful souls, surely you do not wish to see this happen?""Who among us is not afflicted by physical ailments? I myself, after spending so much time poring over accounts and other documents, have nearly lost my eyesight! I even bought them medicine, found them doctors... They just won't admit it!"With countless articles containing these claims circulating throughout the Court of Fontaine, they soon became the talk of the town."Hmm... He does make a good point...""Although... Hmm. Could it be that they really weren't telling the truth?"On the day of the duel, a vast crowd of citizens — some well-meaning, others simply curious — converged upon the dueling ring. When the wealthy merchant appeared, he waved to the stands as a sign to those in his pocket. Seeing this, they began to cry out:"This gentleman has been falsely accused! Let us not stand for such slander!"Others muttered to those around them:"If you ask me, there's no way those people were telling the truth..."Beset on all sides by such shouts and murmurings, the ordinary citizens of the crowd began to waver, and like a landslide gaining momentum, before long they too had been infected by the mob mentality."Surely we can't just stand here and watch as a good person is unfairly persecuted?"Hearing what the audience was saying, the young Clorinde felt lost and confused, like she'd been plunged into the depths of the ocean. She hesitated, hand resting on the pommel of her sword, unsure whether she should draw it or not.He's been tried, and the evidence was conclusive, she said to herself.But everyone seems convinced that he is in the right.The wealthy merchant had already drawn his sword, and was now walking towards her with a triumphant air."You can hear them, Miss Clorinde. I am a virtuous, generous, and kind-hearted man, just as they say.""Without good people like me, the Court of Fontaine would cease to function."When the merchant raised up his sword, the gold ornamentation and the precious gems set upon its hilt gleamed brightly, bedazzling to behold. For a brief moment, Clorinde caught his gaze as it reflected off the shining body of this resplendent weapon.All she saw there was pride, arrogance, and empty bravado.In that moment, she knew that his sword-arm was no match for hers, nor could its wielder use it to persuade anyone. The sumptuous jewels with which it was encrusted were nothing more than a facade to hide his lies.It was as if a stray dog had covered itself in branches and thorns in a vain attempt to disguise itself as a vicious beast — a pathetic sham indeed.Within a split second, Clorinde had severed that magnificent sword in two, and when the sparks died out a moment later, it was clear to all that this fight was over. With this, the crowd was silenced."Justice revealed the truth to me, and I witnessed it with my own eyes.""In this place, honor is proven by the sword alone."As Clorinde raised her sword and spoke these words, the merchant simply stared back at her in disbelief, beholding his own horrified expression reflected upon the Vision which — having seemingly appeared out of nowhere — now hung by her collar."Or did you never have the courage to fight for your honor in the first place?"
Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with ClorindeDescription:Dedicated Game Masters at the Tabletop Troupe will sometimes switch hats to indicate their change in role. Hmm, in that case, does Clorinde—Forget about it! She doesn't even take that hat off when swimming.
RapperiaStory Chapter:RapperiaMeaning:Rapier 
Archon QuestsChapter IVAct I: Prelude of Blancheur and NoirceurSoloist's PrologueThe City of Rains and Remembrance (cutscene)Act II: As Light Rain Falls Without ReasonLike the Faint Moonlight of YesteryearWhen All Return to the WatersAct IV: Cataclysm's QuickeningThe Truth Shrouded in ShadowCalamitous TreadAct V: Masquerade of the GuiltyHunters, ProphetsApocalypseThe Opera of Noirceur and BlancheurFinaleStory QuestsDiluvies Chapter (Neuvillette)Act I: The Remains of the Past DayA Familiar ThreatIn a New LightRapperia Chapter (Clorinde)Act I: Silent Night"Judgment Day"Hunters' GatheringBuried HonorVanquishing PhantomsEventsVibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring BreezeHustle and BustleWeb EventsAn Eventful Vacation
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesFurinaCharacter Story 5NaviaCharacter Story 3VisionWriothesleyCharacter Story 1Character Story 2Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversCharlotteAbout Clorinde Media:VO_Charlotte About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO ZH_Charlotte About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO JA_Charlotte About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO KO_Charlotte About Clorinde.ogg Clorinde is the most well-known Champion Duelist in Fontaine, but she's also the most mysterious. I have a source who tells me that she uses some sort of mystical ritual to keep her weapon as good as new... Could this be the secret behind her famously undefeated track record in the Duelists' Ring? Ah, I'd love to spring that question on her one day... but I don't think I'll get the chance. She's publicly stated that she doesn't accept interviews.ChevreuseAbout Clorinde Media:VO_Chevreuse About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO ZH_Chevreuse About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO JA_Chevreuse About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO KO_Chevreuse About Clorinde.ogg Clorinde has built quite the reputation for herself in Fontaine as a Champion Duelist. Our positions are different, so I'm not at liberty to make any comments about her work. But I trust that she takes on those duels out of her own sense of justice.FreminetAbout Clorinde Media:VO_Freminet About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO ZH_Freminet About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO JA_Freminet About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO KO_Freminet About Clorinde.ogg I owe Clorinde my life, but she says she doesn't want anything from me in return... It's not a nice feeling, having put someone out so much, and only being able to offer empty thank-yous in return.FurinaAbout Navia: Inner Thoughts Media:VO_Furina About Navia - Inner Thoughts.ogg Media:VO ZH_Furina About Navia - Inner Thoughts.ogg Media:VO JA_Furina About Navia - Inner Thoughts.ogg Media:VO KO_Furina About Navia - Inner Thoughts.ogg She's a very strong person. Strong people will always manage to keep themselves together no matter what happens, acting like everything is fine. Doing so prevents other people around them from needlessly bearing additional pressure. I saw the duel between Callas and Clorinde... and I can say that in this respect, Navia is becoming more and more like her father.About Clorinde Media:VO_Furina About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO ZH_Furina About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO JA_Furina About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO KO_Furina About Clorinde.ogg As I remember, Clorinde isn't very talkative, but she has stood by me and protected me on several occasions, so I trust her very much. Hmm... I do miss her ever so slightly, but I don't have any real reason to see her now. Oh, right! I should invite her to my next tea party!LynetteAbout Clorinde Media:VO_Lynette About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lynette About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO JA_Lynette About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO KO_Lynette About Clorinde.ogg I was once ordered to observe a duel of hers. Even just as a bystander, the coldness radiating from her was absolutely chilling... I don't know what it would be like to face her directly in a duel, and I hope I will never find out.LyneyAbout Clorinde Media:VO_Lyney About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lyney About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO JA_Lyney About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO KO_Lyney About Clorinde.ogg Clorinde's quite famous as a Champion Duelist. But from what I've read in the papers, she seems to have gotten into a bit of a pickle. The media's been all over her story, and she's... Well, she's the type that definitely doesn't enjoy that kind of attention.NaviaAbout Clorinde Media:VO_Navia About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO ZH_Navia About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO JA_Navia About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO KO_Navia About Clorinde.ogg She might not say much, or show a lot of emotion, but I can tell that she feels deeply. After my father's death, I... well, it caused quite a rift between us for a long time. But even then, I never did like having her constantly walking on eggshells around me... I much prefer how things are now.NeuvilletteAbout Clorinde Media:VO_Neuvillette About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO ZH_Neuvillette About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO JA_Neuvillette About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO KO_Neuvillette About Clorinde.ogg Clorinde's peerless skills have made her the most powerful Champion Duelist in our nation. As a successor to the Marechaussee Hunters of old, she plays a vital role in ensuring the fairness and impartiality of the courtroom. Also, she's actually not as stoic as she might appear.SigewinneAbout Clorinde Media:VO_Sigewinne About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO ZH_Sigewinne About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO JA_Sigewinne About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO KO_Sigewinne About Clorinde.ogg Miss Clorinde doesn't make a lot of facial expressions when she talks. It's pretty difficult to tell what mood she's in from what her face is doing... She used the lipstick I gave her? Really? Hee-hee, I'm so glad she likes it! I knew that color would go great on her!WriothesleyAbout Clorinde Media:VO_Wriothesley About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO ZH_Wriothesley About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO JA_Wriothesley About Clorinde.ogg Media:VO KO_Wriothesley About Clorinde.ogg Clorinde is the best Champion Duelist you can find. Her combat prowess is already the stuff of legend. I've never fought her myself, but that's because there's never been a need for it.
Main article: Clorinde/Lore/History
Clorinde is seen wielding an Iron Sting in various cutscenes in Fontaine's Archon Quests, while during a cutscene in the Vanquishing Phantoms in Clorinde's Story Quest, Rapperia Chapter: Act I - Silent Night, she wields Absolution.
Clorinde is a successor to the Marechaussee Hunters of old according to Neuvillette's voiceline about her.
Clorinde is trained in the art of Marechaussee Hunter marksmanship.[2]
While her exact age is never stated, dialogue in her story quest Silent Night gives a range for her age, which likely falls into her mid to late 20's.
She remembers being given a short sword from her master at the age of three, followed by her master bringing home a Geovishap Hatchling from Liyue as a pet when she was five years old. At the age of six, she learned to navigate the forest, with the following year she began to hunt monsters by herself. Around that time, she met Callas and Navia for the first time. Furina notes that the "Protector of Justice", a vigilante hero was in fact Petronilla and remembers witness reports being left by the Gardes on Neuvillette's desk around twenty years ago.
Clorinde is younger than Navia, as evidenced by the fact that Navia was roughly ten years old when they were introduced to each other by Petronilla, and were already well acquainted by the time of Clorinde's tenth birthday and Petronilla's disappearance.
Clorinde shares the same Japanese voice actress — Ishikawa Yui (石川 由依) — with Stelle, the female Trailblazer from Honkai: Star Rail.
Clorinde may be named after one of several French naval vessels named Clorinde, most of which were from the first half of the 19th century, which is around the timeframe Fontaine takes inspiration from.
Her name may also be a reference to the main character of the same name in the French tragic opera Tancrède. In it, the character of Clorinde (played by the famed opera singer Julie d'Aubigny) is killed by her lover Tancrède, who mistakes her for a man while she is disguised in armor.
Character Title: Candlebearer, Shadowhunter[]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishCandlebearer, Shadowhunter—Chinese(Simplified)秉烛狝影Bǐngzhú XiǎnyǐngCandlelight Bearer, Shadow HunterChinese(Traditional)秉燭獮影Bǐngzhú XiǎnyǐngJapanese燭火を携えた影の狩人Shokuka wo Tazusaeta Kage no Karyuudo‍[!][!]Assumed readingCandlelight Carrying Shadow HunterKorean그림자를 밝히는 사냥꾼Geurimjareul Balkineun SanyangkkunHunter Who Illuminates the ShadowSpanishLa Cazasombras PortavelasThe Candlebearing ShadowhunterFrenchPorteuse de bougie et chasseuse d'ombresCandle Bearer and Shadow HuntressRussianХранительница света, теневая охотницаKhranitel'nitsa sveta, tenevaya okhotnitsaLight Keeper, Shadow HuntressThaiล่าเงาพิทักษ์ราตรีLa Ngao Pithak RatreeShadow Hunter, Night GuardianVietnameseThắp Nến Diệt Bóng TốiGermanKerzenträgerin, Häscherin der SchattenIndonesianCandlebearer, Shadowhunter—PortugueseCaçadora das Sombras, Portadora das VelasTurkishMum Işığının Muhafızı, Gölge AvcısıItalianCacciatrice d'ombreHuntress of Shadows
↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Clorinde
↑ Navia's Character Story: Character Story 3
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Clorinde Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Hello.ogg Greetings. I am Clorinde, a Champion Duelist of the Court of Fontaine. If you wish to hire my services, please state the nature of your dispute... You may leave out any extraneous details, those are no concern of mine.
Chat: OpponentsChat: OpponentsMedia:VO_Clorinde Chat - Opponents.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Chat_-_Opponents.ogg I've faced many opponents in my duels. Most of them, I defeated. The rest surrendered. ...Hm? No. I have never lost a duel.
Chat: Champion DuelistChat: Champion DuelistMedia:VO_Clorinde Chat - Champion Duelist.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Chat_-_Champion_Duelist.ogg In my role as Champion Duelist, my opinions do not matter. For when I draw my blade, I am but an instrument of Fontaine's law.
Chat: Secret to SuccessChat: Secret to SuccessMedia:VO_Clorinde Chat - Secret to Success.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Chat_-_Secret_to_Success.ogg A duel is a battle of wills, and the sword an extension of the duelist's spirit. If your heart recoils in fear, then your sword may as well be in its scabbard, because you will not wield it effectively against your foe.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Clorinde When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_When_It_Rains.ogg Prey will usually rest on rainy days. But not the hunter.
After the RainAfter the RainMedia:VO_Clorinde After the Rain.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_After_the_Rain.ogg The battle between wind and rain appears to have reached its end.
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Clorinde When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Hopefully, that was the sound of one more villain being removed from the world.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Clorinde When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_When_It_Snows.ogg This is a new sight for me. A rather bleak one, I must say.
In the DesertIn the DesertMedia:VO_Clorinde In the Desert.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_In_the_Desert.ogg ...I have never missed Fontaine so much in all my life.
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Clorinde Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Good_Morning.ogg Good morning. I'm going for coffee shortly, would you like to join me? I brought coffee cups — you can borrow one if you need.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Clorinde Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Good_Afternoon.ogg Apologies, I don't get off work till later. Here, take this sandwich. It'll keep the wolf from the door.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Clorinde Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Good_Evening.ogg I'm afraid I'm unable to share any wine recommendations with you. But I can recommend a few lesser-known restaurants that are well worth a visit.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Clorinde Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Good_Night.ogg Goodnight. I'll be heading to bed as soon as I've completed my nightly weapon maintenance.
About Clorinde: News ReportsAbout Clorinde: News ReportsMedia:VO_Clorinde About Clorinde - News Reports.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Clorinde_-_News_Reports.ogg Every newspaper is plagued by reporting that is neither particularly fair, nor remotely just. Some writers allow their views to be swayed by personal connections and promises of Mora.If you want to find out the truth of a situation, the best way is to go to the people directly involved. Ask your own questions, and come to your own conclusions.At the very least, don't let other people's deceitful tongues serve as a substitute for your own brain.
About Clorinde: Muskets and Swords Friendship Lv. 4 Silent NightAbout Clorinde: Muskets and Swords Friendship Lv. 4 Silent NightMedia:VO_Clorinde About Clorinde - Muskets and Swords.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Clorinde_-_Muskets_and_Swords.ogg My choice of weapons follows the Marechaussee Hunter tradition. A Musket to chase away my prey, and a sword to deliver it a fatal strike.In duels, of course, I typically only use my sword. Once you set foot in the Duelists' Ring, there is nowhere to run, and therefore no need to chase you away.
About Us: CeremonyAbout Us: CeremonyMedia:VO_Clorinde About Us - Ceremony.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Us_-_Ceremony.ogg Before every duel, I wipe my sword down with a cloth soaked in a special cleaning liquid. It's partly to keep it in good working order, but it also helps me to remain calm and rid my mind of any intrusive thoughts.You're a fellow sword-wielder. Do you have any similar rituals?
About Us: People and the Shadow of Evil Friendship Lv. 6About Us: People and the Shadow of Evil Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Clorinde About Us - People and the Shadow of Evil.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Us_-_People_and_the_Shadow_of_Evil.ogg Many of my habits are customs I've adopted from the Marechaussee Hunter tradition. They fought against monsters, while I fight against lawbreakers. But monsters are evil by nature, it is all they know. The same cannot be said for the corrupt of humanity, who have the ability and opportunity to do good, yet willingly choose the path of evil.And you? What is your reason for carrying a blade?
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Clorinde About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_the_Vision.ogg After I received my Vision, the amount of people surrendering to me in duels went up substantially. Some duelists even think I use it as an intimidation tactic.I always thought my undefeated track record was enough of an intimidation tactic. Perhaps I should aim to win more dramatically in future duels.
Something to ShareSomething to ShareMedia:VO_Clorinde Something to Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Something_to_Share.ogg I've seen many people get into a dispute over the most trivial thing, take it as a grave affront to their personal dignity, and end up bringing the matter to court. As if that's not already ridiculous enough, they then opt for a duel.As a Champion Duelist, I have no qualms about settling matters of honor with a duel. Still... How can I put this? For the average citizen of Fontaine, I would have thought that questions like whether Marcotte really belongs in coffee are not so crucial to resolve that they warrant the drawing of swords...
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Clorinde Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Interesting_Things.ogg You've seen Bloatty Floatties before, yes? It's hard to predict where they will fly to and how fast, which makes them good for target practice. Or rather, they would be, if you didn't have to go out into the wild to find one... If only someone out there was willing to cultivate them domestically.
About Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4About Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Clorinde About Charlotte.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Charlotte.ogg Charlotte is one of the more tactful journalists out there. I don't have anything negative to say about her.Unlike some, she doesn't ambush me with her Kamera on my way to work, or follow me to the coffee shop to report on what I'm drinking today... And most commendably of all, she is well aware that I do not do interviews and doesn't nag me about it continuously.
About Furina Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Furina Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Clorinde About Furina.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Furina.ogg In the past, I always stood behind her at tea parties, sword at the ready. But now, I get to sit at the table and enjoy the tea and treats along with her.I'm now beginning to understand why she complains all the time about how hard it is to maintain her physique.
About Navia Friendship Lv. 4 Silent NightAbout Navia Friendship Lv. 4 Silent NightMedia:VO_Clorinde About Navia.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Navia.ogg Navia's been in a good mood lately. It seems like every other day she's asking me to join her at Tabletop Troupe for a new script.The story is always so different. Save for the few times when I've taken the role of Game Master, I often play in character and join her on the adventure. But I do try to avoid playing any characters from the court, so as not to make the atmosphere too serious...
About Neuvillette Friendship Lv. 4About Neuvillette Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Clorinde About Neuvillette.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Neuvillette.ogg No one is in any doubt as to the Iudex's authority. He always delivers a fair verdict — and when necessary, I will reiterate the fairness of this verdict with my sword.
About Chevreuse Friendship Lv. 4About Chevreuse Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Clorinde About Chevreuse.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Chevreuse.ogg Ah yes, Captain Chevreuse. That's a name I've heard before. She has been landed with lawsuits on several occasions, after being accused of using excessive force when arresting culprits. She refuted the allegations just as forcefully during her testimony, leaving the plaintiff speechless. I think she's outstanding.
About Lyney Friendship Lv. 4About Lyney Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Clorinde About Lyney.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Lyney.ogg I have to applaud the great magician for the level of professionalism he displays in his craft. If I ever have the time, I would very much like to enjoy one of his shows as a regular audience member.
About Freminet Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningAbout Freminet Friendship Lv. 4 Cataclysm's QuickeningMedia:VO_Clorinde About Freminet.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Freminet.ogg One day, I received a parcel containing a miniature mechanical toy and a thank-you card. The toy was exquisitely made. I must thank Mr. Freminet in person when I get the opportunity... Hm? The opportunity may be hard to come by, you say? Very well, then I too shall write a thank-you card. Please pass it on to him for me.
About Chiori Friendship Lv. 4About Chiori Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Clorinde About Chiori.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Chiori.ogg I've bought clothes from her store before. They're good quality. But most of the time, I prefer to wear my work uniform. Partly because it serves to clearly communicate my identity, and partly because I like things that are familiar. Just like my sword, this uniform is familiar and functional — I have no desire to change it.
About Wriothesley Friendship Lv. 4About Wriothesley Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Clorinde About Wriothesley.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Wriothesley.ogg Managing the Fortress of Meropide is no mean feat. Wriothesley is undoubtedly a highly capable person if he can maintain relative stability in a place like that.I highly suspect that he keeps quiet about some of the methods he uses, but there's no way we can know.
About Sigewinne Friendship Lv. 4About Sigewinne Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Clorinde About Sigewinne.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Sigewinne.ogg Miss Sigewinne is an excellent nurse, equally adept at treating the injured and comforting the distressed. I'm sure that her kind and loving nature brings out what little good there may be even in the vilest offenders of the Fortress of Meropide.And maybe that just might serve as enough of a motivation for them to change their ways.
About Emilie Friendship Lv. 4About Emilie Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Clorinde About Emilie.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_About_Emilie.ogg I've heard that she's a perfumer. I've also heard a little about her true profession. I saw her out on the street once. She was stroking a little dog, and had a gentle smile on her face. We nodded at each other, then each went our separate ways.
More About Clorinde: IMore About Clorinde: IMedia:VO_Clorinde More About Clorinde - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_More_About_Clorinde_-_01.ogg A Champion Duelist's job is not that complicated. In fact, you could say it's one of the simplest jobs there is. Defeat your opponent, as requested by the Trial Court. That's all there is to it....Perhaps that's why some people colloquially refer to me as an "executioner."
More About Clorinde: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Clorinde: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Clorinde More About Clorinde - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_More_About_Clorinde_-_02.ogg I always do what I can to ensure every duel is a fair fight. If my opponent has impaired vision, I cover my eyes. If their mobility is limited, I restrict my range of movement. Whatever happens, every duel I participate in must be fair.
More About Clorinde: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Clorinde: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Clorinde More About Clorinde - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_More_About_Clorinde_-_03.ogg I've lost count of how many times I've had people surrender right before the duel begins. When someone lacks the courage even to draw their weapon, I'm inclined to think that whatever grievance and claims of reputational damage brought them to this point are just the skewed opinions of a self-serving individual.Long before they face me, they are the architects of their own defeat. I needn't make a move when someone is a prisoner of their own soul.
More About Clorinde: IV Friendship Lv. 5More About Clorinde: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Clorinde More About Clorinde - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_More_About_Clorinde_-_04.ogg Have you ever seen a guilty person on trial? In my experience, they always twist the truth in an effort to protest their innocence. Violence is explained away as virtue, and evil as good... But whatever their excuse, it always ends the same way: "It was a momentary lapse of judgement, but anyone else in my position would have done the same thing, so don't single me out for punishment."They seek to hide their own foulness by smearing it on everyone else too.Their lies must be demolished, and the court cleansed of their filth. And that is exactly why I became a Champion Duelist.
More About Clorinde: V Friendship Lv. 6More About Clorinde: V Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Clorinde More About Clorinde - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_More_About_Clorinde_-_05.ogg I've seen many people seek compassion from the court. No disrespect to them, but they're looking in the wrong place.The court is a place of impartial justice. And justice... must always remain indifferent, or it cannot prevail.Justice is too easily led astray once human emotion enters the mix. If impartial judgment were to give way to vindictive punishment, vindictiveness at the hand of the court would be every bit as cruel as the crimes perpetrated by lawbreakers.
Clorinde's Hobbies Silent NightClorinde's Hobbies Silent NightMedia:VO_Clorinde Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Hobbies.ogg Unlike my work as a duelist, being a Game Master in Tabletop Troupe gives me the freedom to stay outside of the story itself. and observe people's reactions without getting personally involved in all the drama. I create and control the world in which they operate... Hmm? Like watching a caged animal caught on a hunt? That's an interesting angle... I'd never thought of it like that before. But I would never give the players a hard time — I just want them to enjoy the story. So it's quite different from hunting.
Clorinde's TroublesClorinde's TroublesMedia:VO_Clorinde Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Troubles.ogg I do hope those journalists stop harassing me while I'm just trying to enjoy a cup of coffee, buy a bunch of flowers, or read a book. Otherwise, I may have to file a lawsuit to make an example of one or two of them. If they request a duel, I'll make them bring their Kamera, and in the interest of fairness, I too will bring only a Kamera.
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Clorinde Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Favorite_Food.ogg I like meaty dishes in general, but only if the meat is fresh. There's nothing like the flavor of freshly hunted meat cooked over the grill with a little salt to taste and a portion of sour fruits on the side. You should come hunting with me some time, I'll cook for you.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Clorinde Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg I don't enjoy fish. There's too many bones, and I can't stand the smell... Maybe it's because I had my fill of fish as a child.
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Clorinde Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg The flavor is perfect. Exactly how I like it. Don't let the journalists or gourmets in on this though — they only know how to appreciate food through the lens of a Kamera or the words of a newspaper article.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Clorinde Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg Mm, this is fine food. I'll enjoy it slowly so it lasts longer.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Clorinde Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg ...You're lucky this wasn't served in a restaurant, or the diners would be complaining to the chef.
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Clorinde Birthday - Aether.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Birthday_-_Aether.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Birthday - Lumine.ogg Happy Birthday. I have a gift for you — it's a short-sword necklace that I made myself.In the Marechaussee Hunters' tradition, on a new member's first birthday as a hunter, (‍hishisText for male Traveler/herherText for female Traveler‍) mentor will make (‍himhimText for male Traveler/herherText for female Traveler‍) a short-sword necklace with (‍hishisText for male Traveler/herherText for female Traveler‍) name engraved, to be worn with the sword hanging over the chest. This is to symbolize interrogating (‍hishisText for male Traveler/herherText for female Traveler‍) own heart at swordpoint: Will I tread the path of treachery, is there doubt in my heart, or am I resolved to eradicate all evil?Though you're not a Marechaussee Hunter, I believe that you're committed, like I am, to fighting the good fight.Why a sword, and not a musket? Because guns can misfire. Also, there's something a little inelegant about interrogating your heart at gunpoint.
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Clorinde Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg Interesting... This is certainly an improvement.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Clorinde Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg Even my sword feels more at home in my hand now. Like an extension of my own body.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Clorinde Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg I feel like my eyesight just improved... Let me do a test-shot on that leaf over there.
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Clorinde Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg As a warrior yourself, I don't believe you require my help. But should you ever wish to borrow my strength, I will fight for you with everything I have. As always.
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Clorinde Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Ready.Media:VO Clorinde Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Loaded.Media:VO Clorinde Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Into the shadows!Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Clorinde Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Hunt them down!Media:VO Clorinde Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Time to testify.Media:VO Clorinde Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Where evil lurks, shoot on sight!Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Clorinde Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndClorinde does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Clorinde Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Clorinde Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg A stroke of good luck. And a very welcome one.Media:VO Clorinde Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg If these items are unclaimed, we may take them without controversy.Media:VO Clorinde Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg First to find gets to stake their claim. Seems fair.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Clorinde Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Low_HP_01.ogg Time to finish this.Media:VO Clorinde Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Low_HP_02.ogg This is sheer anarchy...Media:VO Clorinde Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Low_HP_03.ogg ...What a disgrace.Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Clorinde Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Retreat!Media:VO Clorinde Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg I'll take over. Get to safety.FallenFallenMedia:VO Clorinde Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Fallen_01.ogg The victor... is declared...Media:VO Clorinde Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Fallen_02.ogg I am... defeated...Media:VO Clorinde Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Fallen_03.ogg You've cleared your name...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Clorinde Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg A sharp shooter.Media:VO Clorinde Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Clorinde Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Enough!Media:VO Clorinde Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Clorinde Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Joining_Party_01.ogg Per your wishes.Media:VO Clorinde Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Joining_Party_02.ogg Need to hire a duelist?Media:VO Clorinde Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Joining_Party_03.ogg My blade will lead us through the shadows.Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Clorinde does not feature any Character Idles Voice-Overs.Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Clorinde Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Clorinde Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Clorinde Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Clorinde Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Clorinde Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Clorinde Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Clorinde Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Clorinde_Jumping_05.ogg 
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
Clorinde can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining  and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.
Clorinde has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsStrict Adherence to Office Codes 20 1 20,000The Nation of Hydro's Mottled Colors 20 2 20,000
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo hello 01.ogg Clorinde: Ah, you're back. I wanted to ask whether there was a space around here dedicated to training?
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo hello 02.ogg Clorinde: I wouldn't want to disturb anyone during my shooting practice.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Clorinde: Don't worry, I'm not picky about my surroundings.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Clorinde: How noisy or crowded a place might be... Those factors are inconsequential. I'm not easily affected by my external environment.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Clorinde: Most importantly... I've found no threats to our survival in this place. You've done well.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg Clorinde: Think nothing of it. I should be the one thanking you for keeping this place so safe.
 We are in The Realm Within, after all.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg Clorinde: Its mechanical principles and aesthetic design are both quite commendable. This place is truly eye-opening.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 04c.ogg Clorinde: Ah, that's entirely up to you. Different people have different senses of humor. I don't know what you find amusing, so it wouldn't be appropriate for me to give you an answer.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Clorinde: In any case, thank you for inviting me to this place.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Clorinde: I'll be staying here for a little longer. I hope my being here doesn't inconvenience you.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Clorinde: Of course. Anything you want to talk about?
 How about a story from before you became a Champion Duelist?
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg Clorinde: Well, before I met Navia...
 Wait, you're going that far back!?
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg Clorinde: You wanted to hear a story from before I became a duelist, correct? I see no harm in starting there.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 3.ogg Clorinde: Anyway, before I met Navia, I lived with my Master. She was a powerful and strict woman who had a big impact on many parts of my childhood.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 4.ogg Clorinde: I was once terrified of monsters that are active at night. I felt like I could never predict or anticipate their attacks.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 5.ogg Clorinde: So, Master tied a piece of cloth around my eyes, pushed me into the woods, and announced that I was surrounded by a horde of monsters. She did this to teach me to react and respond to them with only sound and instinct as my guide.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 6.ogg Clorinde: I used to be afraid of being alone. I could never fall asleep without her by my side.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 7.ogg Clorinde: So, for quite some time, she forced me to train every day until I felt like I could no longer lift my arms. Only then would she allow me to rest.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 8.ogg Clorinde: As a result, seeing her face after I woke up soon turned into a nightmare rather than a comfort...
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 9.ogg Clorinde: Before I knew it, I had become as tough as her.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 10.ogg Clorinde: Were I to take on my own apprentice, I'm not sure I could think of a better way to train them, and that thought scares me most of all.
 What about a fun tidbit from your work as a Champion Duelist?
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg Clorinde: My work as a Champion Duelist... Hmm.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg Clorinde: In my profession, "work" and "fun" are two elements that rarely converge.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 3.ogg Clorinde: I've heard many colleagues describe how, on their way home from work, they're often dragged into cafés by their soon-to-be opponents and forced to listen to an endless list of grievances.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 4.ogg Clorinde: What a waste of time... I'm very thankful something like that has never happened to me.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 5.ogg Clorinde: I wouldn't go asking around for stories about our line of work.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 6.ogg Clorinde: The profession of a duelist may seem dramatic and full of unexpected twists, but, in most circumstances, it's usually the result of hypocrisy and dark human desires... the type of stories that will only leave you disappointed.
 Is there anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Clorinde: Hmm... How about a game inspired by the practice of duels?
 Can you tell me how to play first...
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Clorinde: It's pretty simple. We'll use the Fateometer to determine the rules of the duel and the weapons we can use. I used to play this a lot with my Master. Although, back then, we just rolled a die.
 What if you roll a "critical failure"...
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03a 1.ogg Clorinde: Then, unfortunately, you have to fight with your hands and feet tied.
 Aren't duels supposed to be fair?
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03a 2.ogg Clorinde: Of course, but that only applies to duels held before a court of law to defend someone's honor. The duels in this game are meant to improve a Marechaussee Hunter's ability to survive in the wild.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03a 3.ogg Clorinde: As a Hunter, there are times when you might your arm or leg might be out of commission due to injury. But, you have to be able to keep fighting.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03a 4.ogg Clorinde: "Never stop thinking about how to secure victory" — that's what my Master taught me.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03a 5.ogg Clorinde: Once, after two very unlucky rolls, she was forced to fight with a small tree branch as her only weapon. In the end, I still lost.
 What if you roll a "critical success"...
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 1.ogg Clorinde: Then, congratulations, you get to use the weapon of your choice and negate one lethal hit. Your opponent would have to land two hits on you to win.
 Aren't duels supposed to be fair?
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 2.ogg Clorinde: Of course, but that only applies to duels held before a court of law to defend someone's honor. The duels in this game are meant to improve a Marechaussee Hunter's ability to survive in the wild.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 3.ogg Clorinde: Even with preparation and luck on your side, get too confident, and even the greatest of Hunters can still suffer defeat.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 4.ogg Clorinde: A "critical success" can often be what leads to a "critical failure."
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 5.ogg Clorinde: My luck is pretty good, so I've had my fair share of good rolls in these games. Even so, when I fought against Master, I often lost in the moments when I was most assured of victory.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 6.ogg Clorinde: "Prey is most easily caught when it believes itself invincible" — that's what my Master taught me.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Clorinde: In any case, the randomness of it all can really help you test your limits. If you lose, just start over and roll again.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Clorinde: So, what do you think? Ready to play a round?
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Clorinde: Hmm, the look of determination in your eyes says more than you know. I like it.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Clorinde: Let's begin. The loser owes the winner a meal.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo morning 01.ogg Clorinde: Good morning. I hope you find success in your endeavors today.
Media:vo clorinde mimitomo night 01.ogg Clorinde: Good night. I hope you're able to get some good rest. This place appears quite safe, so I don't think I'll need to keep watch tonight.
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.
Strict Adherence to Office Codes[]
Media:vo mimitomo fd clorinde office 01.ogg Clorinde: Now that I think of it, the Maison Cardinalice set up an archive room to store information related to duels.
Media:vo mimitomo fd clorinde office 02.ogg Clorinde: A complete case file would include the cause of the duel, the verdict rendered, the persons and duelists involved, and of course, the final outcome of the duel.
Media:vo mimitomo fd clorinde office 03.ogg Clorinde: I've never felt the need to look up anything there myself. I believe all my duelist colleagues feel the same way. It's best to leave the recordkeeping to the Gestionnaires — they seem to actually enjoy that kind of work.
The Nation of Hydro's Mottled Colors[]
Media:vo mimitomo fd clorinde outskirts 01.ogg Clorinde: In my younger years, I learned a fair amount about botany.
Media:vo mimitomo fd clorinde outskirts 02.ogg Clorinde: As a result, I can now differentiate between edible and non-edible roots, identify poisonous fruits... and create simple dyes from the things I forage.
Media:vo mimitomo fd clorinde outskirts 03.ogg Clorinde: Hmm, the plants in this flower bed are harmless varieties created to lift people's spirits. You may enjoy them without worry.
Released in Version 4.7[Create New History]
