A consultant of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, he is later revealed to be the Geo Archon, Morax, who has decided to experience the world from the perspective of a mortal.
Zhongli's outfit. This is the leisurewear of choice for Zhongli, the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's consultant.
Unlocked upon obtaining character
Hermit of Mortal Life is Zhongli's Default Character Outfit.
Zhongli's attire is elegant and form-fitting, consisting of a beige dress shirt, a brown and amber waistcoat, slim black trousers, black dress boots, and black gloves with twin silver archer rings on the thumbs. His neckpiece is a white tie pinned at the throat by an amber gemstone. His left ear is adorned with a jeweled tassel earring. Over everything, he wears a long dark brown tailcoat with dragon scale patterns, gold and silver accents, golden tassels, and Rex Lapis' diamond symbol on the back. Zhongli's clothes are decorated with diamond symbols found on his sleeves, belt, trousers, waistcoat buttons, and tailcoat buttons. He wears a Geo Vision embedded on the chain at the small of his back.
While wearing  Hermit of Mortal Life, when Zhongli's Elemental Burst is ready, the amber gemstone on his chest will glow along with his Vision.
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Zhongli 1.mp4      Media:Idle Zhongli 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Zhongli.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Zhongli.mp4      Media:Party Setup Zhongli.mp4      
This outfit was designed by the yaksha Menogias.[1]
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishHermit of Mortal Life—Chinese(Simplified)凡世致身Fánshì ZhìshēnMortal LifeChinese(Traditional)凡世致身Fánshì ZhìshēnJapanese俗世の知見Zokuse no ChikenInsight of WorldKorean속세 생활Sokse SaenghwalMundane World LifeSpanishErmitaño mortalMortal HermitFrenchVie mortelleMortal LifeRussianСмертная жизньSmertnaya zhizn'Mortal LifeThaiกายจำแลงแดนโลกาKai chamlaeng daen lokaDisguise Body for World Lands[• 1]VietnameseCuộc Sống Nhân GianMortal LifeGermanEremit in der SterblichkeitHermit within MortalityIndonesianHermit of Mortal Life—PortugueseCorpo Elegante MortalElegant Mortal BodyTurkishFani DünyaMortal LifeItalianSpoglie mortaliMortal Remains
↑ Thai: โลกา Loka can also mean Earth, as in the Mortal World.
Released in Version 1.1[Create New History]
↑ Event The Exquisite Night Chimes World Quest: Epilogue, Part 3: Between Facades and Familiar Faces
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
This page is in need of information.Can you help out? Click here to add more.Verify when character story 5 changes (#Altered Character Story). First notice of change was after Inversion of Genesis, but unsure at what exact point in time it changed.
Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's mysterious consultant. Handsome, elegant, and surpassingly learned.Though no one knows where Zhongli is from, he is a master of courtesy and rules. From his seat at Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, he performs all manner of rituals.—Description from the Official Website[1]
A mysterious expert contracted by the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. Extremely knowledgeable in all things.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Zhongli is a calm, reserved, and polite man, who holds an air of nostalgia. Whereas he is said to have a stoic demeanor for duty, Zhongli also has a sentimental side.[2] He knows much about Liyue history and culture in part due to his time as the Geo Archon; like Venti, he has many experiences and memories, as he was a god well before The Seven even existed and one of the oldest still living in Teyvat. He holds philosophical ideas towards money and has great respect for Liyue's traditions, including those that have been forgotten or warped over time. Zhongli tends to be humble, being worried he comes off as a "bourgeois parasite."[3]
Zhongli tends to forget about Mora in transactions, agreeing to spend large sums of it without having any Mora on hand and even taking "discounts" as granted despite being an obvious scam.[4] He often ends up relying on his acquaintances for financial support, such as the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor or Childe. Although he works for Hu Tao,[5] he does not like her childish behavior.[6]
It is later revealed that Zhongli's "carelessness" stems from being the creator of Mora. With the Gnosis allowing him to create limitless Mora, he never had to worry about running low on his personal finances. Unfortunately, when he chose to live among mortals, he lacked the foresight to find an alternative for them to continue minting Mora in his absence, along with creating a retirement fund for himself. As a result, he shamelessly spends the Mora of others.
Being the reminiscent person he is, Zhongli enjoys Osmanthus wine as it was the drink he and his former Archon friends used to have when they met up in Liyue. He dislikes seafood as it reminds him of the promise he made to his people in the past when he fought a particularly annoying type of sea creature, although he does not mind eating them if they have been ground to a pulp.
Zhongli uses the tall male model. He has fair skin, amber eyes with yellow diamond-shaped pupils and red eyeliner on the lower lids of his eyes. He has mostly short, dark brown hair with a longer fringe on the right side of his face and Geo-amber tips that glow when he uses his Elemental Skill or Elemental Burst. There is one section of his hair on the back of his head that is waist-length instead of being cut short.
Zhongli's form appears to be the same as the one he uses as an Archon, as seen in his Statues of The Seven and various cinematics that show him as an Archon.
The Geo Vision seen at the small of his back behaves like other characters' Visions in most gameplay; however, it is not a real Vision, and there are a select few gameplay mechanics that reflect this.
In Archon Quest Rite of Descension in Chapter I: Act I - Of the Land Amidst Monoliths, Zhongli as Rex Lapis appeared as a brown and amber Chinese dragon with gold accents known as the Exuvia.
On the surface, Zhongli currently serves as a consultant for the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. He works under "The Director," Hu Tao, and seems to be well-versed in an abundance of subjects. This has earned him the respect of Liyue's citizens, granting him the label of an old-fashioned gentleman. However, this knowledge did not come from thin air. Zhongli is in truth the latest mortal vessel of the Geo Archon, Morax, also known as Liyue's overlord and protector: Rex Lapis. He now wanders the streets of Liyue, as he "ought to be here to witness its rise and fall."[7]
To the people of Liyue, their Archon carries many titles: the Geo Archon, the God of Contracts, the God of History, the Lord of Rock, the Groundbreaker, and the Warrior God among them. Having lived for over 6000 years, Zhongli has first-hand experience with much of Teyvat's history. He has presumably witnessed many of Teyvat's events, such as the cataclysm, the creation of the Chasm, and the fall of Aria, Sonnet and Canon. Nonetheless, he is most known for his cold-blooded participation in the Archon War, and his founding of Liyue.
Around the beginning of the Archon War, Zhongli was the co-ruler of the prosperous Guili Assembly alongside the God of Dust, Guizhong, and the adepti. However, their combined forces could not stop the tides of war from taking the life of Guizhong. During a certain battle, despite their efforts and the aid of the adepti, Guizhong was overpowered by the opponent and the Guili Assembly was destroyed. After a massive flood swept through the area 3700 years ago, Zhongli was forced to move his people south of Mt. Tianheng and established Liyue Harbor,[8] where it stands to this day.
In present time, Zhongli has handed over his gnosis and with it, he has lifted the heavy weight of rulership he has borne for millennia. As the gnosis is now in Fatui possession, Zhongli is no longer inclined to act as Archon. He now spends his time reminiscing and enjoying the mortal experience. However, it is not to be believed that his story is even close to being over yet.[9]
In his long life, he has met countless people, and shall meet countless more still.As they say: the waters change course, but the mountains move not.—The Raiden Shogun, commenting on the past of neighboring nations to Guuji Yae.
Wangsheng Funeral Parlor Consultant
Wangsheng Funeral Parolor's [sic] mysterious consultant. Handsome, elegant, and surpassingly learned.
Though no one knows where Zhongli is from, he is a master of courtesy and rules. His grasp of Liyue's traditions is superior to that of any scholar. From his seat at Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, he performs all manner of rituals. Proper clothing, auspicious timing, locations and appliances, observances and regulations, all such things can be left in his hands without a care.
But though he is a man of such particularity, he never has a Mora to his name. Trade requires capital, and transport demands payment, and yet Zhongli has no such thing on him — for in the end, someone else will always foot the bill.
He will attend the most celebrated performances, and be accompanied by the loveliest thrushes. His behavior is immaculate in every way, save for the matter of money. Those around him have long gotten used to his eccentricities, and do not take this matter to heart. If you ask him, he will say: "Is that so? I don't recall anyone ever taking issue with me concerning money."
Money for goods — that is the norm. How could someone living in this world not comprehend its fundamental truths?
Has the passage of too many years eroded his sense of mortal trivialities? Or does he see his voyage through this world as though it were a stroll amongst the clouds?
In Liyue's traditional customs, "receiving adepti" and "sending adepti off" are equally important.The Hus of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, who have been in this business for 77 generations, are the masters of handling funerals. However, Hu Tao, the current owner of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, primarily focuses on the art of sending mortals on their way.For the various ceremonies for sending adepti off, Hu Tao usually employs the help of a friend in more or less the same business. That person's name is Zhongli. The adepti have been with Liyue for millennia, but only a handful have ascended in the past three thousand years, which means that everything regarding the traditions now only exists in texts. This is not something one would likely witness twice in their entire lifetime.Not even the most particular and learned of researchers or scholars could find one fault in Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's ceremonies for sending adepti off.Everything must be perfect, from the costumes, the time, the place, the items, the weather, the scheduled length, the size of the permitted audience, to the stature, profession, and age of said audience. Nothing can be overlooked.When folk describe Zhongli as "living history," the latter usually only smiles and sighs."I... just have a good memory."Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
In Liyue, if a person pays great attention to details, and has insuperable criteria by which they judge certain matters, then they are called "particular."In truth, everyone is "particular" about something. Some people hate spicy food, others don't eat fish, and some want their tofu served sweet...But as for Zhongli, he is particular about everything.He attends operas performed by only the most celebrated stars, takes only the most luxuriant thrushes out for walks, and he goes into the kitchen personally to instruct the cooks as to the ratio of shrimp and fish required to make the most authentic Fullmoon Egg.Zhongli has expertise in all manner of things, from fashion to daily essentials, to fine wines and delicacies, to teas and spices, and to flora and fauna. He is also more than capable of participating in discussions on commerce, politics, and international relations.But on a typical day, all you will glean from him is a few pieces of useless trivia, because he particularly enjoys sharing these fun tidbits with you.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
When making a purchase, look to haggle.This is a common understanding among the people of Liyue. No matter what high heavens the store owner praises their product to, no matter its ancient history or classical value, prices are always flexible. Half the stated cost is a good place to start.But when Zhongli pays up (or rather, calls for someone else to pay up on his behalf), he never looks at the price tag. As long as it catches his eye, Zhongli will pay as much as the owner asks. Indeed, he will even buy it at a premium sometimes.But for some reason, Zhongli always forgets to bring money.For small purchases, he has friends to help him out, and large bills he somehow finds ways to have written off.To those merchants who secretly pride themselves on their powers of flattery, Zhongli is a man of strange proclivities: in truth, he knows a great deal about the value of money and finance, and he also understands the suffering of the people. However, he seems to not understand that poverty is part of the human condition.Or perhaps it might be said that he cannot imagine himself being poor.How has such a person not died of hunger yet?Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4  •  A New Star Approaches
There is no way Zhongli can starve.Such concerns as profit and loss are beneath his notice. The Seven Nations and the world itself are where his efforts are directed.As for wealth... He is wealth itself.He is Morax, the overlord Rex Lapis who rules Liyue, and the Geo Archon of the Seven Archons. The very money that circulates throughout Teyvat, Mora, is named after him.When night falls and bustling Liyue begins to slumber, he will sometimes stand atop the towering mountains and gaze upon this city, which he made with his own hands.To the people of Liyue, Rex Lapis has many divine titles.When he laid down Liyue's laws by his divine might, he was the God of Contracts. When he minted the first Mora and made Liyue strong by dint of commerce, the merchants revered him as the God of Commerce.He has lived through countless years and is the eldest of the Seven, and so historians call him the God of History.Thousands of years ago, the forebears of the citizens of Liyue Harbor struck stones together to start fires and used piled stones to create stoves. These blessings derived from the Geo element led the Geo Archon to gain the title of God of the Stove.People from other lands tend to call him Morax, though the people of Liyue prefer to use the term Rex Lapis.But in the hearts of lovers of opera and children, Morax's on-stage aspect, the all-conquering defender of Liyue — the Warrior God — is the most fascinating.The delicacies that Rex Lapis discovered while lost in the streets, the plaques inscribed with his handwriting, a famous opera that he once starred in, playing the part of a warrior... Many stories and tales of Liyue are, when studied closely, stories of people visited by their deity at some point — and the citizens of Liyue are most proud indeed of that history.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5  •  A New Star Approaches
As the founder of Liyue Harbor, "contracts" are the most important thing to Morax.From simple monetary exchange and agreements between merchants to the ancient laws that Morax himself laid down, there is no part of city life untouched by "contracts."To merchants, "contracts" are the most important standard to which they hold themselves: deadlines, invoices, shipping destinations... Only a refined and strict order can sustain vibrant commerce, which is itself the lifeblood of Liyue Harbor.Thus the Qixing punish violators of such laws unceasingly, not only to uphold the divine rulings of Morax but also to allow Liyue to maintain its vitality.Through the millennia, every generation of the Liyue Qixing commits to interpreting the law, including subtle amendments to plug loopholes found in the law. Any loopholes that remain undiscovered are seen by the merchants as "permissible if unaddressed," and they make killings off such holes until they are discovered and patched up by the Liyue Qixing.Amid this game of cat-and-mouse, the book that collates such amendments has reached a whopping 279 pages thick.The person currently responsible for maintaining this book, the Tianquan Ningguang, is secretly (and humorously) referred to as the "Tailor of Liyue," in honor of her speed in patching these laws up, and for her sharpness of eye.But no matter how complicated or tangled mortal laws become, one of these stands above all others in the eyes of Rex Lapis."The one who reneges on their words shall suffer the Wrath of the Rock."Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6  •  A New Star Approaches
Rex Lapis, most ancient of The Seven, has lived far too long.Rex Lapis still remembers that moment when the final archon took their divine seat, thus ending the Archon War and the era of warring gods. The Seven were a diverse lot and dispersed far and wide, but they all shouldered the burden of guiding humanity.As time passed, many of The Seven's titles changed hands, and only two remain of the first Seven: Rex Lapis and the Anemo Archon.The carefree Barbatos, the Anemo Archon, is the second eldest of The Seven.When Barbatos first came to Liyue, Rex Lapis believed his fellow archon to have encountered some terrible crisis in pursuit of their duties, thus requiring his aid.So when Barbatos descended in a gust of wind, the Geo Archon had already prepared himself to receive this neighboring deity and lend what help he may.But as he looked, the Anemo Archon tossed a wine bottle at him."Here's some wine from Mondstadt. Care for a taste?"To forsake one's duty to deliver a single bottle of wine — what a preposterous notion!Yet the Anemo Archon kept coming to visit, to explore Liyue Harbor, all sorts of strange questions on his lips. The Anemo Archon's questions knew as little limits as the wine in his hands.From then on, the first Seven would often gather in Liyue.Rex Lapis still remembers how those wines tasted.The world has changed much since then, and all that was once familiar has faded into memory.The seven seats changed and again were changed, till five of the seven at the table were all departed.Nor would the duty of guiding humanity be honored by the new archons.Even the hardest rocks may be worn down after three thousand years.Nor would the wind ever return again.One drizzly day, the ancient ruler was strolling about Liyue Harbor, and overheard a merchant telling one of his workers,"You've finished your duties, go ahead and call it a day."Long did he stand amidst the milling crowd."Have I... already finished my duties?"That Which Rises From the Sea Friendship Lv. 4  •  A New Star Approaches
During the Archon Wars, every corner of Teyvat was consumed in the fires of conflict. Not only did gods fight amongst themselves, but countless wicked things also sought to expand their domains.One such type of creature caused no end of woe for the Geo Archon, long before he took that title along with his place among The Seven.These foul creatures, straight from the murky depths of the ocean abyss, had a squishy exterior, and possessed agile tentacles that would live on even after being cut off, even secreting some thick and revolting fluid in the process.This alone would have been enough to make them the most monstrous of all creatures, and still it was not the pinnacle of their monstrosity.What made them so truly terrible was their small size, which gave them the ability to duck into unimaginably small nooks and crannies.No space was too narrow for them, neither the wooden boards of tables and chairs, nor the seams of windows and doors and curtain folds, nor even books and brushes.Many a poor soul had, on at least one occasion, unwittingly outstretched their hand, only to quickly retract it in horror with a blood-curdling scream at the sensation of something cold, clammy and damp, while one or more of these despicable creatures came crawling up their arm, leaving a shiny trail behind them...At the behest of the people of Liyue, Morax agreed to wipe these creatures out. But these parasites upon civilization could not be destroyed like enemies on a battlefield, by simply summoning a storm of stone spears that would shatter the earth and churn the soil....Still, he was the God of Contracts. His word had to be his bond.So, he went through the town from house to house with prisons of stone, seizing these creatures one by one and locking them away for good...This long campaign of pest extermination taught Morax the true meaning of "a burden lifted."The grueling campaign itself, and the terrible smell of those ocean creatures' secretions, left a lasting impression on the deity.Today, even when he goes out incognito as the mortal man, Zhongli, Morax gives those living, squirming seafood products a wide berth....Well, except for dishes where said seafood products have been sliced and diced into oblivion, such as seafood tofu. He'll quite happily eat those.Gnosis Friendship Lv. 6  •  A New Star Approaches
Once the Rite of Parting, of which Zhongli was both director and star, was over, the Fatui Harbinger named Signora appeared before him.By prior contract, she was here to claim the Geo Archon Morax's Gnosis.Before the Traveler and the two Fatui Harbingers, Zhongli related the truth that he had established a contract with the Cryo Archon.In his own words, this was his final "Contract to End All Contracts."Yet no matter how one looks at it, the loss of his divine ability to defend Liyue was too great a price to pay.Even amongst mortals, the basis of a contract is "equivalent exchange."And for the God of Contracts, who must have established countless such agreements in his long years of existence, such an important contract must have come with its benefits.Now, the Geo Archon has given away his Gnosis as his part of the deal.What, then, must the Cryo Archon have wagered to balance the scales?
After completing Archon Quest Chapter III: Act V - Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises‍[verification needed], Zhongli's Character Story 5 is altered to the following version.
Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6  •  A New Star Approaches
Rex Lapis, most ancient of The Seven, has lived far too long.Rex Lapis still remembers that moment when the final archon took their divine seat, thus ending the Archon War and the era of warring gods. The Seven were a diverse lot and dispersed far and wide, but they all shouldered the burden of guiding humanity.As time passed, many of The Seven's titles changed hands, and only two of the first Seven remain in positions of rulership: Rex Lapis and the Anemo Archon.The carefree Barbatos, the Anemo Archon, is the second eldest of The Seven.When Barbatos first came to Liyue, Rex Lapis believed his fellow archon to have encountered some terrible crisis in pursuit of their duties, thus requiring his aid.So when Barbatos descended in a gust of wind, the Geo Archon had already prepared himself to receive this neighboring deity and lend what help he may.But as he looked, the Anemo Archon tossed a wine bottle at him."Here's some wine from Mondstadt. Care for a taste?"To forsake one's duty to deliver a single bottle of wine — what a preposterous notion!Yet the Anemo Archon kept coming to visit, to explore Liyue Harbor, all sorts of strange questions on his lips. The Anemo Archon's questions knew as little limits as the wine in his hands.From then on, the first Seven would often gather in Liyue.Rex Lapis still remembers how those wines tasted.The world has changed much since then, and all that was once familiar has faded into memory.The seven seats changed and again were changed, till five of the seven at the table were all departed.Nor would the duty of guiding humanity be honored by the new archons.Even the hardest rocks may be worn down after three thousand years.Nor would the wind ever return again.One drizzly day, the ancient ruler was strolling about Liyue Harbor, and overheard a merchant telling one of his workers,"You've finished your duties, go ahead and call it a day."Long did he stand amidst the milling crowd."Have I... already finished my duties?"
Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with ZhongliDescription:Stars fall, light dims.
Lapis DeiStory Chapter:Historia AntiquaMeaning:God's Stone 
Archon QuestsChapter IAct II: Farewell, Archaic LordAn Organization Known as WangshengMoonfingerThree Poignant PerfumesThe Realm WithinDowntownGuizhongZhongli's TreatAct III: A New Star ApproachesSolitary FragranceThe Fond FarewellInterlude ChapterAct II: Perilous TrailAt Tunnel's End, Light (cutscene)Story QuestsGrus Serena Chapter (Xianyun)Act I: A Thousand Moonlit MilesLovely DreamsHistoria Antiqua Chapter (Zhongli)Act I: Sal FloreShadow of YoreVortex's WakeA Ruin Under Lock and KeyFarewell, Sweet SaltA Record of All ThingsAct II: No Mere StoneStrange Sights, Stolen SoulsTruth in the StonesShifting Earth and Lost Threads Come to LightAmidst Chaos, the Rock Is UnmovedWorld QuestsThe Tales Behind the FanEventsMoonlight MerrimentPart II: Three to Get Ready, and Here We GoFleeting Colors in FlightThe Blazing Stars Ring in FortuneThe Stars Inscribe the Year's WishesOf Drink A-DreamingSurrounded by the Aroma of TeaThe Exquisite Night ChimesPart I: A Thousand Miles for an Enigmatic TunePart II: A Single Harmony for an Irreplaceable SoulEpilogue: Between Facades and Familiar FacesWaterborne PoetryPart II: Tears Among the LeavesTears Among the LeavesVibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring BreezePart III: The Glede Returns to the PavilionThe Glede Returns to the PavilionHustle and BustleWeb EventsStone Harbor Treasure JournalSide by Side We VentureAn Unforgettable JourneyThe Great Banquet of the AdeptiFestive Celebration of Flowing HuesCanvas of Starlight MemoriesDiscover TeyvatAncient Treasures Unearthed
Quest DomainsOf Mysteries and Salt — Farewell, Sweet Salt in Zhongli's Story Quest, Historia Antiqua Chapter: Act I - Sal FloreBeneath the Ancient Tree — Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved in Zhongli's Story Quest, Historia Antiqua Chapter: Act II - No Mere StoneEventsPerilous TrailDivine Ingenuity: Collector's ChapterThe Peaks and Troughs of LifeMisty Dungeon: Realm of WaterTest Run EventsZhongli, Ganyu, Xingqiu, Beidou, Yanfei — 2022-01-25Tighnari, Zhongli, Collei, Diona, Fischl — 2022-08-24Zhongli, Tartaglia, Freminet, Sayu — 2023-09-05
For character mentions involving Zhongli as Morax, see Morax § Character Mentions.
Character StoriesCharacterStoriesBaizhuCharacter Story 4Hu TaoCharacter Story 2XianyunCharacter Story 1Character Story 2Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversBaizhuAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Baizhu About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Baizhu About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Baizhu About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Baizhu About Zhongli.ogg Ah, Zhongli... Yes, I can tell he is very knowledgeable. He can carry a conversation even when discussing niche topics like ancient medicine. He must also have some habits and practices for himself when it comes to healthy living. The common headache or fever should pose no problem for him, so he doesn't need a prescription from me.BeidouAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Beidou About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Beidou About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Beidou About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Beidou About Zhongli.ogg You mean the gentleman from Wangsheng Funeral Parlor? My men sometimes speak of the rumors surrounding him — he sounds interesting. Yes, if I get the chance I'd like to meet him someday.ChongyunAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Chongyun About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Chongyun About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Chongyun About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Chongyun About Zhongli.ogg That Zhongli from the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor seems to be quite an incredible man. Just think, common folk might gang up to commit a murder, we exorcists vanquish demons — but he alone buries the bodies of the adepti.GamingAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Gaming About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Gaming About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Gaming About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Gaming About Zhongli.ogg Mr. Zhongli seems like the kind of guy who had an expensive education. Seems like whenever I make a delivery to a teahouse or opera house, he's always there drinking tea, listening to the storyteller, and looking like the smartest guy in the room. Dude, I once overheard him talking to someone about tea — I was like, man, if he ever got talking to my dad, that conversation would go on all night...Hu TaoAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Hu Tao About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Hu Tao About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Hu Tao About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Hu Tao About Zhongli.ogg Zhongli looks young, but his personality is a bit dusty. Knows everything, but doesn't fret over anything. Hmm... Couldn't be that he's a...Hehe, forget it, whatever.KeqingAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Keqing About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Keqing About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Keqing About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Keqing About Zhongli.ogg The gentleman from the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor? Clearly, he's an extremely learned individual, and I do have a lot of respect for him. But his mindset is too traditional for me — he thinks in the same tired old terms as Rex Lapis did... If he were more of an original thinker, I'm sure he'd be a great asset to me in reaching my objectives.NingguangAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Ningguang About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Ningguang About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Ningguang About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Ningguang About Zhongli.ogg Zhongli... Of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. He's very versed in a great deal of affairs. Although... such excellent pawns are of no use to me until I know their weaknesses.ShenheAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Shenhe About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Shenhe About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Shenhe About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Shenhe About Zhongli.ogg That gentleman claims to be a mortal, yet is very familiar with my master, who is an adeptus. Master once said: "If you see him drinking on a stone stool in front of my abode, do not disturb him. Let him sit quietly for a while." And that's precisely what I did.TartagliaAbout Zhongli: Pondering Media:VO_Tartaglia About Zhongli - Pondering.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tartaglia About Zhongli - Pondering.ogg Media:VO JA_Tartaglia About Zhongli - Pondering.ogg Media:VO KO_Tartaglia About Zhongli - Pondering.ogg There's far more to that man than meets the eye. As for the extent of his power... lots to look forward to, I think.About Zhongli: Challenge Media:VO_Tartaglia About Zhongli - Challenge.ogg Media:VO ZH_Tartaglia About Zhongli - Challenge.ogg Media:VO JA_Tartaglia About Zhongli - Challenge.ogg Media:VO KO_Tartaglia About Zhongli - Challenge.ogg Tell me, how has Mr. Zhongli been lately? Not bad, you say? Seems he's had no problem acclimating to "mortal" life. Hmph, he sure had me fooled. Such a fiasco mustn't be so easily forgiven! The only way to reconciliation is fierce combat! What do you mean I'm no match for him? Hahaha...TravelerAbout the Rain on Yashiori Island Media:VO_Aether_About the Rain on Yashiori Island.ogg Media:VO ZH_Aether_About the Rain on Yashiori Island.ogg Media:VO JA_Aether_About the Rain on Yashiori Island.ogg Media:VO KO_Aether_About the Rain on Yashiori Island.ogg Media:VO_Lumine_About the Rain on Yashiori Island.ogg Media:VO ZH_Lumine_About the Rain on Yashiori Island.ogg Media:VO JA_Lumine_About the Rain on Yashiori Island.ogg Media:VO KO_Lumine_About the Rain on Yashiori Island.ogg (Traveler): It never stops raining on Yashiori Island. I heard it's because of the lingering evil energy.Paimon: "Evil energy"? What's that? Sounds terrifying.(Traveler): It's caused by the remains of an evil god somewhere on the island. Because its power hasn't fully dispersed, the remaining energy causes all sorts of misfortunes. That's what I meant when I said "evil energy."Paimon: Oh, that makes sense. But Paimon doesn't think rain is a bad thing.Paimon: Maybe that god has been crying all this time because they were bullied.(Traveler): Crying? I don't think gods can cry. I mean, I've never seen Venti or Zhongli cry before.Paimon: There are exceptions! If you pinch Paimon, you'll be able to see a crying god.(Traveler): Hmm? Are you a god?Paimon: Paimon sure is!(Traveler): Okay, let me guess... The flying god of silly questions? The god of slimes? Or the god of being fished out from the water?Paimon: Paimon's none of those! Hmph!Paimon: As your bodyguard, (Traveler), Paimon is the god of protection! Hehe.VentiAbout Morax Media:VO_Venti About Morax.ogg Media:VO ZH_Venti About Morax.ogg Media:VO JA_Venti About Morax.ogg Media:VO KO_Venti About Morax.ogg Have you seen that gentleman around? Huh? He's just a normal man by the name of Zhongli now? That must be quite the change for that old block-head. Come with me to see him, will you? I have a vintage I dug up from Windrise that I can take as a condolence gift. Oh, ahh... did he still seem strong when you saw him? How strong? Am I likely to get blown away?XianglingAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Xiangling About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xiangling About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Xiangling About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Xiangling About Zhongli.ogg I've come across a lot of fussy eaters, but Mr. Zhongli is very particular and has no problem getting straight to what he has to say. The first time I served him salt and pepper tofu, he took just one bite, and then proceeded to say: "It would be better to try sea salt extracted from the shallow seas of Guyun Stone Forest, because it would bring a fresh sense of depth to the tofu." I tried it and the taste was just so different! He's just amazing, don't you think!?XianyunAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Xianyun About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xianyun About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Xianyun About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Xianyun About Zhongli.ogg When Rex Lapis first heard of one's plan to take up residence in Liyue Harbor, he recited a long and detailed list of considerations for the furnishing and adornment of a home. Natural lighting, ventilation, bespoke woodwork, procuring porcelain, placement of plants and flowers... One's mind felt ready to explode from the deluge of information. Do all facets of life in the human world take so much effort?XiaoAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Xiao About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xiao About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Xiao About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Xiao About Zhongli.ogg Can I ask... Zhongli — what does he do with his days? Huh? Birds, antiques, flowers...Hmm... What deeper meaning do they hold?XingqiuAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Xingqiu About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xingqiu About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Xingqiu About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Xingqiu About Zhongli.ogg My father and brother entertained that gentleman as a guest once. From the way they were acting, he must be a very high-profile figure indeed. I also heard that he directs funerals for adepti, so he must surely have great depth to his character. We should do some digging and see what we can find out about him!XinyanAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Xinyan About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xinyan About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Xinyan About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Xinyan About Zhongli.ogg There was this one fellow who invited me to perform at his place, back when there weren't many who would give my music the time of day. I was touched, let me tell you what. Like, hey, someone gets it! I agreed right away... But when I got there, I found out that he was the consultant at the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. What a weird guy. I mean, how was that appropriate?YanfeiAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Yanfei About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yanfei About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Yanfei About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Yanfei About Zhongli.ogg Mr. Zhongli has so much in-depth knowledge on so many topics, he's like a walking library, you know what I mean? He's a total savant, though he never flaunts it. I could tell just by looking at him. People like him rarely shy away from taking on complex problems alone, so in my estimation he's certainly not a potential client.And yet, somehow, I can't help but think I know him from somewhere, it's hard to describe the feeling... I asked my father about it, and he just said something to the effect of he didn't know either, though he seemed a little evasive. It was so strange... Anyway, makes me wonder if my father is hiding something from me. Hmph, alright then — if he won't tell me what's going on, I'll just have to find out for myself...Yun JinAbout Zhongli Media:VO_Yun Jin About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO ZH_Yun Jin About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO JA_Yun Jin About Zhongli.ogg Media:VO KO_Yun Jin About Zhongli.ogg The customs of the opera are very particular, and are passed down from generation to generation. Sometimes I find that I only know the hows but not the whys behind what we do. But when speaking with Zhongli, it is abundantly evident that he knows the origins behind almost everything. Who wouldn't be delighted to have such a connoisseur in their audience?
I Hope This Finds You Well (2020-12-31)Year's End. (2021-12-31)Year-End Letter (2022-12-31)The End of Another Year... (2023-12-31)
Zhongli is one of the characters with ornaments that glow. While wearing his default outfit, Hermit of Mortal Life, when Zhongli's Elemental Burst is ready, the amber gemstone on his chest will glow along with his Vision.
During Spices From the West, Zhongli politely declines all seafood, including Fragrant Grilled Tiger Fish and Fragrant Mondstadt Grilled Fish. However, this makes him one reason that the canonicity of playable characters' preferences during Spices From the West is questionable. His Character Story That Which Rises From the Sea indicates that he only dislikes tentacled seafood and will happily eat even tentacled seafood that has been cut into small pieces. Zhongli's Character Story 1 also heavily implies that he has eaten Fullmoon Egg, which uses both cut and whole Shrimp. It therefore does not make sense that Zhongli declines even Grilled Tiger Fish and Mondstadt Grilled Fish, which are small portions[10] of cut fish.
The other reason that the canonicity of characters' preferences during Spices From the West is questionable is Ganyu: Ganyu is a vegetarian, and as expected, her voice-over when declining dishes specifies meat as the reason for declining. However, Ganyu also declines meatless dishes in line with veganism instead, which does not match her voice-over.
Zhongli features a long ponytail, a deeply rooted Chinese symbol of social status.
Zhongli has scales on either side of his robe which represent the emperor's power and adaptability.
Zhongli's design contains references to the 12 symbols of sovereignty, introduced in the zap dynasty and exclusively worn by the emperor.
Zhongli may be one of, if not the, oldest gods in Teyvat, at over six thousand years old.
In the Teyvat Travel Guide - Liyue, the author, Alice, names Zhongli as her companion during her travels to that region.
According to Xiangling, Zhongli's palate is extremely precise; he could distinguish the kind of salt she used in her dish from a single bite.[11]
Zhongli likes listening to Iron Tongue Tian, the storyteller at Third-Round Knockout.
On the Wangshu Inn Bulletin Board, one anonymous message is likely Zhongli's.
Zhongli is the first character whose Story Quest Chapter name did not derive from his Constellation.
Zhongli is also the first character whose in-game Profile and Story sections change depending on Archon Quest completion; before completing the Archon Quest Chapter I: Act III - A New Star Approaches, his "Vision" is listed as Geo (and his Story section shows Vision, albeit locked until Act 3 is completed), while his constellation is labeled "???" After completing it, "Vision" changes to "Gnosis" on both his Profile and Story menus, while his constellation is revealed.
Zhongli's Chinese voice actor (彭博) is one of the directors of Genshin Impact's Chinese voice actors.[Note 1]
Zhongli was heavily foreshadowed to be Morax before it was confirmed with the release of A New Star Approaches in Version 1.1:
Zhongli is extremely knowledgeable about money, government, and Liyue's traditions and history. He even remembers customs and traditions that have been watered down, forgotten, and lost to time — as if he was there himself.
When he asks the Traveler and Paimon to retrieve the Cleansing Bell from Madame Ping for the Rite of Parting, Zhongli uncharacteristically refuses to join them. Madame Ping says that an "old friend" gave her the Bell and that, since they have come to borrow it, this friend must have "decided to take matters into their own hands." She also makes it no secret that she is an adeptus — which means Zhongli must be much older than his apparent age would suggest.[12]
After retrieving the Cleansing Bell, the Traveler has the option to ask Zhongli either if he knows Madame Ping, or if he is an adeptus. He confirms the former and fails to answer the latter.[12]
Zhongli is shown throughout the story to have several similarities to Venti, the Anemo Archon Barbatos:
Zhongli states that a friend from Mondstadt would always bring him a few bottles of Dandelion Wine when they visited.[13] Dandelion Wine is Venti's favorite drink.
Zhongli's appearance is similar to that of the Statues of The Seven in Liyue, much like how Mondstadt's Statues resemble Venti. The symbol on his jacket also matches the symbol on Rex Lapis' statues. Although the Geo Archon wears a hood on his statues which covers most of his hairstyle, it's apparent that Zhongli and the Archon share the same bangs.
Zhongli's hair fades from black to amber, similar to how Venti's hair turns to blue-green at the ends of his braids. This was a stronger point during Version 1.0 when most of the characters who had ombres in their hair were known or theorized to be more than ordinary humans or had subtler ombres that were not as noticeable as those of Venti and Zhongli. With the release of more clearly human characters with ombres in their hair as well as the Raiden Shogun with a much subtler ombre, this point is no longer a strong point for deducing Archon identities going forward, though they may still follow the pattern.
In the Version 1.1 trailer,[14] it is apparent that the tip of his ponytail glows when using his skills, a feature that Venti also has.
The Rex Incognito book series implies that Rex Lapis has amber eyes no matter what shape he takes, a feature that Zhongli also has.
Later on in the Fleeting Colors in Flight event, Zhongli remarks that "there was not quite so much ostentatious shapeshifting as the book would have you believe."[15]
Zhongli calls Rex Lapis' "corpse" an "Exuvia." The word "exuvia" refers to the outer skin molted by some creatures as a new exoskeleton grows in.[16]
During the Rite of Descension, Ivanovich states that "he heard" the Exuvia which Rex Lapis "appears as" during formal events, is a "celestial cross between two of Liyue's celestial creatures" (which the Chinese version specifies to be a dragon and qilin). This suggests that the Exuvia is only one of potentially several forms Rex Lapis can appear in.
This information was one of the many circulating Liyue during the Rite that can be either true or false since the information was something Ivanovich "only heard about," and as during the Rite, Zhongli was also stated to be the God of the Stove, which was proven wrong during the Moonlight Merriment event. It is also revealed in dialogue from Zhongli's Story Quest Historia Antiqua Chapter: Act I - Sal Flore that even famous Liyue archaeologists had inaccurate information about Rex Lapis, and the whole quest itself revolved around further inaccurate information about Rex Lapis.
The World Quest Treasure Lost, Treasure Found and the book Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I both state that the Guili Plains (归离原 Guīlí-yuán) are named after the God of Dust (归终 Guīzhōng) and the Geo Archon himself. Neither Morax nor Rex Lapis fit into this name, but Zhongli (钟离 Zhōnglí) would.
Several stories claim that the Geo Archon uses polearms, such as in Teyvat Travel Guide - Liyue and Diary of Roald the Adventurer: Guyun Stone Forest, which is also Zhongli's weapon of choice.
Although he has some difficulty, Zhongli manages to repair the Guizhong Ballista, which was constructed by the adepti. Later, Keqing and a detachment of Millelith are found investigating the repairs, as getting it working within a single night should have been impossible for a mortal.
Like Venti, Zhongli reveals his identity as the Geo Archon when he deems it prudent to do so. As such, many, if not all, of the adepti are aware of Rex Lapis's guise as Zhongli,[17][18][19] and he appeared as Zhongli in front of Signora and Childe when acting as Rex Lapis. However, unlike Venti, Zhongli's mannerisms have caused several people to compare him to Rex Lapis[20] or outright become suspicious of his nature.[18][21]
Zhongli is one of the few currently playable characters who acknowledges (or even seems to be aware) that the Traveler is from another world, presumably because of his status as an Archon.
In his Collected Miscellany trailer, Zhongli can be seen fighting in the Realm of Clouds, a domain created by the adepti to hold the artifacts Guizhong collected.
The Chinese Teyvat Food Notes entry celebrating his birthday gave a real-life recipe for Zhongli's special dish, Slow-Cooked Bamboo Shoot Soup. The real-life version takes two hours to simmer, and the recipe doesn't count prep time.
In the blog post's story, Zhongli quotes three idioms from the Xiang Dang book in the Analects, a collection of sayings and ideas attributed to the Chinese philosopher Confucius. The passages he quotes are about doing things in their proper way and order, particularly in regard to food and dining habits.[22] The quoted idioms are:
食不厌精，脍不厌细 Shí bù yàn jīng, kuài bù yàn xì, "When he ate he was not averse to refined rice, nor to finely minced meat."[23]
肉割不正，不食 Ròu gē bù zhèng, bù shí, "Nor would he eat food [meat] that was not properly sliced."[23][Note 2]
席不正，不坐 Xí bù zhèng, bù zuò, "If a mat was not straight, he would not sit on it."[23]
He also tells the Traveler that the dish relates to the Six Ritual Jades.
Zhongli also appears in the Teyvat Food Notes' blog post for Adeptus' Temptation, in which he supervises the preparation of the dish. During the cooking process, he and Xingqiu sneak a taste of the lean meat taken from the chicken and duck used for the soup stock, much to Xiangling's chagrin.[24]
Zhongli shares his Chinese Voice Actor with Dvalin.
Zhongli shares the same Chinese Voice Actor as Welt Yang, Siegfried Kaslana, and Boothill from the Honkai series.
The meteor summoned by Zhongli's Elemental Burst, Planet Befall, resembles a Burr puzzle, specifically the six-piece burr which is also known as the "Chinese Cross."
Zhongli wields the Vortex Vanquisher in his portrait art.
Zhongli actually uses a combination of his equipped weapon and "stone spears" during his Normal Attack sequence, switching between the two as he attacks. He is currently the only playable character with this specific trait.
Zhongli can also be seen wielding one of these stone spears in his Wish artwork.
Zhongli is mentioned in the descriptions of the following 2 Furnishings: Adeptus Gate Euphonium Unbound: Winding
In demonology, Morax is the 21st demon of the Ars Goetia and a president of hell, ruling over thirty (or thirty-two according to other authors) legions of demons. He teaches astronomy and other liberal sciences, and gives good and wise familiars that know the virtues of all herbs and precious stones. He is depicted both as a man with the head of a bull, and a bull with the head of a man.
His title, "Vago Mundo," is Latin for "I wander the world."
His Chinese title, 尘世闲游 Chénshì Xiányóu, means "leisurely wanderings in the mortal world."
His constellation, Lapis Dei, is Latin for "The Stone of God." It follows the same pattern as Venti's constellation, Carmen Dei.
Zhongli's design was likely inspired by Zhongli Quan (钟离权/鍾離權), one of the Eight Immortals — a group of eight legendary xian (仙 xiān) in Daoist mythology.
The figure is said to have possessed a large magical fan that can resurrect the dead, as well as alchemical powers, which he used to transmute stones and base metals into gold and silver to save people from poverty.
In the game's Chinese text, the adepti are known as 仙 xiān.
In literature,[25] it is said that Zhongli Quan enjoyed writing poetry of wine, once wrote the phrase "Most leisurely guy under the heaven, Zhongli Quan" (「天下都散漢鍾離權」),[26][27] self-mockingly acknowledging that he's the most "relaxed" and "leisurely" person on this earth.
The name Zhongli (钟离/鍾離 Zhōnglí) is derived from the State of Zhongli (Chinese: 钟离国/鍾離國 Zhōnglíguó). After the state was destroyed, its descendants called themselves either the 钟离/鍾離 Zhōnglí or 钟/鍾 Zhōng surname, making it one of the origins of these surnames.[28]
The first character of Zhongli's name in Simplified Chinese, 钟, may cause much ambiguity and confusion. 钟 is the simplified form of two different Traditional Chinese characters, 鍾 and 鐘, which have two different meanings.
There is also a Simplified Chinese character 锺 which can be used as the simplified form of 鍾 when used as a surname. This has only been made an official simplified form for the surname in these past few years, so it may not be commonly used. Strictly, it should only be used for the surname Zhong (钟 or 锺/鍾 Zhōng).
To make matters even more confusing, in Taiwan and Singapore, a fourth Chinese character, 鈡, is occasionally used instead of either 鍾 or 鐘.
Both 钟 or 锺/鍾 Zhōng and 钟离/鍾離 Zhōnglí exist as surnames in Chinese.
Based on the official localization of his name in Traditional Chinese and Japanese, his name should be 鍾離. However, as a result of the above ambiguity, his name is sometimes incorrectly rendered as 鐘離 even among Traditional Chinese players. The confusion may also stem from the pun below.
The name "Zhongli" is a pun that can signify him stepping down from his position as Rex Lapis. 钟/鍾 Zhōng in Zhongli is homophonous with the word for 钟/鐘 zhōng, "clock" in Chinese and they are even written the exact same way in Simplified Chinese. 离/離 Lí is the common word for "leaving" or "away." The name can therefore be taken to mean "off the clock" or "time of leaving/departure."
The Li in Liyue (璃 Lí) is a word for precious stone (usually referring to lapis lazuli) or glass.[29] The word itself contains Zhongli's li (离 lí), with an extra radical to its left (𤣩). This radical resembles the word 王 wáng meaning "king." Zhongli's li (离 lí) dropping off the 王 may be symbolic of him stepping down from his reign over Liyue. This analysis only applies to the Simplified Chinese version of his name.
This would also imply that Liyue's name carries a secondary meaning: "The Month of the King's Departure," which bears striking similarity to the pun on Zhongli's name ("time of departure").
Zhongli's li (离/離 lí) additionally was used as the archaic form of 魑 chī which refers to a mythical creature, such as a mountain demon or a mountain beast, which may or may not be a cryptic statement alluding to Rex Lapis being an adeptus.
The name used in Zhongli's sixth constellation, Chrysos, is known as the spirit of gold in Greek mythology.
↑ The Chinese Version 1.1 stream on October 30, 2020, had the voice actresses on stream call him "director," then teased him about not knowing future plot details despite being an "assistant director."
↑ In the Analects, the phrase is 割不正不食, and is part of a longer sentence within the same passage as the quoted idiom above; the version in the Teyvat Food Notes adds 肉 ròu, "meat."
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishVago MundoLatin: I Wander the WorldChinese(Simplified)尘世闲游Chénshì XiányóuLeisurely Wandering the Mundane WorldChinese(Traditional)塵世閒遊Chénshì XiányóuJapanese浮世閑歩Ukiyo Kanpo‍[!][!]Assumed readingA Leisure Walk in the Fleeting WorldKorean속세속세俗世 한유한유閑遊Sokse HanyuIdling Mundane WorldSpanishEl Vagabundo del Reino MortalThe Wanderer of the Mortal RealmFrenchVagabond du monde mortelWanderer of the Mortal WorldRussianБренный скиталецBrennyy skitaletsMortal WandererThaiผู้พเนจรแห่งแดนมนุษย์Phu Phanechon haeng Daen ManutWanderer of Mortal LandsVietnameseDu Ngoạn Trần ThếTrần Thế塵世Travelling the Mortal WorldGermanBesucher bei den SterblichenVisitor Among MoralsIndonesianVago Mundo—PortugueseAndarilho do Reino MortalWanderer of the Mortal RealmTurkishFani Dünya GezginiTraveler of the Mortal WorldItalianVago mundo—
↑ Official Genshin Impact Website: Zhongli
↑ YouTube: The Birth of a Dragon: A Behind the Scenes Look At the Creation of Azdaha | Genshin Impact (Timestamp: 4m 0s)
↑ Xinyan's Voice-Over: About Zhongli
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act II - Farewell, Archaic Lord, Part 6: Guizhong
↑ Zhongli's Voice-Over: About Hu Tao
↑ Story Quest, Zhongli, Historia Antiqua Chapter: Act II - No Mere Stone, Part 4: Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved
↑ Item: Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I
↑ Raiden Shogun's Voice-Over: About Morax
↑ Commission: A Bottomless Appetite
↑ Xiangling's Voice-Over: About Zhongli
↑ 12.0 12.1 Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act II - Farewell, Archaic Lord, Part 4: The Realm Within
↑ Archon Quest, Chapter I, Act II - Farewell, Archaic Lord, Part 2: Moonfinger
↑ YouTube: Version 1.1 "A New Star Approaches" Official Trailer
↑ Event Quest, The Stars Inscribe the Year's Wishes, Post-Quest Dialogue: Zhongli
↑ Archon Quest, Interlude Chapter, Act II - Perilous Trail, Part 5: At Tunnel's End, Light
↑ 18.0 18.1 Yanfei's Voice-Over: About Zhongli
↑ Shenhe's Voice-Over: About Zhongli
↑ Keqing's Voice-Over: About Zhongli
↑ Hu Tao's Voice-Over: About Zhongli
↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 A. Charles Muller: The Analects of Confucius 論語
↑ HoYoverse Chinese News: 提瓦特美食札记 | 山珍海味聚一堂，佳肴美馔开坛香。——除夕快乐
↑ Chinese Paraphrase:我鍾離權乃是天下最大閒散之人。
↑ 中国考古网:According to archaeological experts, during the Spring and Autumn period, the State of Zhongli was located in the areas of Bengbu and Fengyang in Anhui Province. It is said that today's surnames 钟离/鍾離 and 钟/鍾 are derived from this state.
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Zhongli Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Hello.ogg A new contract? Okay. I'm still on leave, but I can accompany you for a while. What name should I use on the contract? I have a great many names, though when on leave... I tend to go by Zhongli. And you, Traveler? What name will you be signing on this contract?
Chat: JourneysChat: JourneysMedia:VO_Zhongli Chat - Journeys.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Chat_-_Journeys.ogg Every journey has its final day. Don't rush.
Chat: ToursChat: ToursMedia:VO_Zhongli Chat - Tours.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Chat_-_Tours.ogg Where do you want to go next? If you'd like to see Liyue's tourist spots, I have a few references.
Chat: LiyueChat: LiyueMedia:VO_Zhongli Chat - Liyue.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Chat_-_Liyue.ogg Boats are made for transferring commodities back and forth, and those that come across Liyue tend to stay a while, so it is where many things come to settle.
Chat: ReminiscingChat: ReminiscingMedia:VO_Zhongli Chat - Reminiscing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Chat_-_Reminiscing.ogg Osmanthus wine tastes the same as I remember... But where are those who share the memory?
After the RainAfter the RainMedia:VO_Zhongli After the Rain.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_After_the_Rain.ogg Violetgrass is a plant that enjoys a moist environment and is best picked after it rains. If you should choose to pick any, be sure to store them appropriately.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Zhongli When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_When_It_Snows.ogg We should look for a place to take shelter. I'll be fine, but we don't want you catching a cold.
When the Wind Is BlowingWhen the Wind Is BlowingMedia:VO_Zhongli When the Wind Is Blowing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_When_the_Wind_Is_Blowing.ogg This weather is no good for being on vacation. We should go and take in an opera.
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Zhongli Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Good_Morning.ogg I hope today too shall be prosperous.
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Zhongli Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Good_Afternoon.ogg Want a quick meal to pick us back up? I know a good place in Chihu Rock.
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Zhongli Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Good_Evening.ogg By this time of night, we will have already missed Ms. Yun's play, but Liyue is full of interesting places to explore, even at night.
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Zhongli Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Good_Night.ogg The market is closed and the port has settled. Go get some rest.
About Zhongli A New Star ApproachesAbout Zhongli A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Zhongli About Zhongli.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Zhongli.ogg Nothing can be accomplished without rules or standards. No matter if it is mortals or adepti, everyone has their place. This rule keeps Liyue in peace.
About Us: GoldAbout Us: GoldMedia:VO_Zhongli About Us - Gold.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Us_-_Gold.ogg Gold is Liyue's treasure. It is the blood that runs through her heart. As for whether your own heart shines like gold — we will have to wait and see.
About Us: Contracts Friendship Lv. 6 A New Star ApproachesAbout Us: Contracts Friendship Lv. 6 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Zhongli About Us - Contracts.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Us_-_Contracts.ogg You and I have a contract, so feel free to discuss anything at all within the scope of said contract.
About Us: Fairness Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Fairness Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Zhongli About Us - Fairness.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Us_-_Fairness.ogg We can discuss matters that fall outside of our contract too. After all, I have been on this land for a time, and have come to know a thing or two. Of course, I do hope you can do some things for me as well. That would only be fair.
About Us: Confusion Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Confusion Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Zhongli About Us - Confusion.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Us_-_Confusion.ogg Contracts cannot be used to define friendship, nor measure sentiment. So just what can we use to measure the weight of our emotions? Do you know the answer, friend?
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Zhongli About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_the_Vision.ogg Visions... are also a type of contract. You should know that all power comes at a price. For every bit of power you gain, so too do you gain more responsibility.
Something to ShareSomething to ShareMedia:VO_Zhongli Something to Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Something_to_Share.ogg Trade relies on both contracts and fairness. There is one thing you must never forget when making and abiding by a contract: if fairness is lost, then the contract shall become proof of one's deception.
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Zhongli Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Interesting_Things.ogg If you're heading to Jueyun Karst, please bring me back a bunch of Qingxin. Just one bunch is enough. Travel expenses... Ah, I almost forgot, during the effective period of our contract, travel expenses are to be paid for by yourself. Sorry to bother you.
About Xiao Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Xiao Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Zhongli About Xiao.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Xiao.ogg You speak of the young adeptus of Guili Plains... *sigh* Still fulfilling his duty to this very day. Please give this Remedium Tertiorum to him on my behalf. Oh, yes... be sure not to let Paimon eat them. Nothing of this world can withstand the power of this medicine.
About Venti Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Venti Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Zhongli About Venti.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Venti.ogg *sniff* Tsk... It reeks of wine. That bard has just been through here, hasn't he? That drunkard is a disgrace to the arts. Oh... Has he tricked you into getting drunk? You're slurring a little. Wait a moment, I'll brew a pot of sobering tea. It'll be ready in only six hours, so just wait a moment.
About Ningguang Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Ningguang Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Zhongli About Ningguang.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Ningguang.ogg Despite the multitude of affairs she deals with in a day, Ningguang always continues to press on. A rare gem indeed. I'm reminded of the time that she used to walk barefoot from Yaoguang Shoal to the south wharf, trying to sell her wares as she went. Time is cruel to humans.
About Hu Tao Friendship Lv. 4About Hu Tao Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Zhongli About Hu Tao.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Hu_Tao.ogg The current overseer of the funeral parlor? Ahem. I cannot deal with that child.
About Tartaglia: Composed Friendship Lv. 4About Tartaglia: Composed Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Zhongli About Tartaglia - Composed.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Tartaglia_-_Composed.ogg That rascal from Snezhnaya has yet to depart from Liyue? Heh, no matter. Just let me know if he gives you any trouble. I shall deal with the matter swiftly.
About Tartaglia: Drinks Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Tartaglia: Drinks Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Zhongli About Tartaglia - Drinks.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Tartaglia_-_Drinks.ogg It's said that Childe and his reputation have yet again stirred up waves among the inner ranks of the Fatui. Knowing his type, he will be sure to swiftly depose anyone who dares to challenge his actions. Hmm... Come to think of it, there will be a lot of interesting news to be heard the next time we gather for drinks. Care to join me when the time comes, Traveler?
About Ganyu Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Ganyu Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Zhongli About Ganyu.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Ganyu.ogg Liyue's prosperity has not been merely built on Rex Lapis' oracles or wisdom. It is also thanks to the countless servants of the Geo Archon who have honored their end of the contract. Of them, Ganyu is the one who has served for the longest time. If you want to know about her past... You should ask her about it. I fear my wording would not be delicate enough to receive her approval.
About Keqing Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Keqing Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Zhongli About Keqing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Keqing.ogg She is the most impious of the Qixing — but I actually find the conviction of such people quite endearing. The only reason I was able to consider taking a step back from such overarching management of Liyue was because there are people like her. People who speak up when they believe themselves to be right, and then go and do something decisive about it.
About Yanfei Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesAbout Yanfei Friendship Lv. 4 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Zhongli About Yanfei.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Yanfei.ogg Despite never having signed a contract with me, she upholds order within many strata of Liyue society in her own way, dispelling misconceptions and correcting biases... Should her father one day return from his travels, I imagine that he would be even more delighted than I.
About Baal Friendship Lv. 4About Baal Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Zhongli About Baal.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Baal.ogg Time tempers all volition. Yet she would give up everyone for her beliefs. Perhaps it is for this very reason that she has come to where she stands today... Should the chance come by me, I too would like to learn of the Eternity for which she so earnestly endeavors.
About Buer Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesAbout Buer Friendship Lv. 4 Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame RisesMedia:VO_Zhongli About Buer.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Buer.ogg As well as ruling over all of Sumeru, the God of Wisdom, Buer, has a duty to guard Irminsul. Only one who possesses great wisdom could hope to shoulder these responsibilities. All life in Teyvat owes her gratitude for saving Irminsul.
About Furina Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyAbout Furina Friendship Lv. 4 Masquerade of the GuiltyMedia:VO_Zhongli About Furina.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Furina.ogg She made a contract with her own self to save the nation, strictly adhered to it for over five centuries without once wavering, and even fooled the Heavenly Principles in the end... I have great respect for approaches to justice that place exacting demands not only on others, but also on the self. Though her divinity has vanished and the throne of the Archon is no more, Furina will go down in Fontaine's history as a God of Justice worthy of recognition.
About Xianyun Friendship Lv. 4 A Thousand Moonlit MilesAbout Xianyun Friendship Lv. 4 A Thousand Moonlit MilesMedia:VO_Zhongli About Xianyun.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_About_Xianyun.ogg I hear many merchants of Liyue tell tales of a Ms. Xianyun. By most accounts, she appears proud and taciturn upon first glance, yet in conversation, people find her to be forthright and fair-minded, and they are pleased to make her acquaintance. I am glad to hear this. But... I have also heard a great many accounts lauding her readiness to part with large sums of Mora...
More About Zhongli: IMore About Zhongli: IMedia:VO_Zhongli More About Zhongli - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_More_About_Zhongli_-_01.ogg Why is it that once you finally get a break, rather than taking a rest, you instead come to me? Is it that you want to hear one of my stories?
More About Zhongli: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Zhongli: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Zhongli More About Zhongli - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_More_About_Zhongli_-_02.ogg Have you heard of the origin of the Blackcliff Forge? In the past, they would mine the ore veins of Mt. Tianheng, and then replace the cavities with factory equipment. Tunnels run in all directions throughout the mountain — some even run to the ruins deep within the earth. I doubt there is a person today who could map out all the tunnels.
More About Zhongli: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Zhongli: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Zhongli More About Zhongli - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_More_About_Zhongli_-_03.ogg Have you heard of the origins of the Lantern Rite? In a war, long ago, the people of Liyue would release lanterns to remind their soldiers of the way home, and to never lose sight of themselves. Though in this day and age, I doubt there are any that remember.
More About Zhongli: IV Friendship Lv. 5 A New Star ApproachesMore About Zhongli: IV Friendship Lv. 5 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Zhongli More About Zhongli - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_More_About_Zhongli_-_04.ogg The God of Contracts. Have you heard of him? He has an impressive memory. He remembers the name of every person he comes across, and the date that every ship in Liyue sets sail. After all, only in being able to do so can he memorize all of the contracts he holds. With that said, not every memory is a happy one...
More About Zhongli: V Friendship Lv. 6 A New Star ApproachesMore About Zhongli: V Friendship Lv. 6 A New Star ApproachesMedia:VO_Zhongli More About Zhongli - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_More_About_Zhongli_-_05.ogg For those that live too long, the friends of days gone by and scenes from their adventures live on in their memories. As such I have no regrets in meeting you, friend. Should the day ever come that we are not together, you will continue to shine like gold in my memories.
Zhongli's HobbiesZhongli's HobbiesMedia:VO_Zhongli Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Hobbies.ogg I enjoy partaking in walks through the city — when time permits. I find it very calming. Yes... Just when did this feeling begin...?
Zhongli's TroublesZhongli's TroublesMedia:VO_Zhongli Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Troubles.ogg To get people to abide by a contract and act in accordance with the guidelines set out within is simply to ask them to respect the concept of fairness. It is not a large request. How are there those who still do not understand such simplicity?
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Zhongli Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Favorite_Food.ogg There was once a drink I used to enjoy with friends — long ago... Is it because the climate has changed? A shame I will never be able to relish in its smooth flavor again.
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Zhongli Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg I don't like seafood. Just seeing it reminds me of that... slimy texture, and that scent that just won't wash off. As for why I hate it... *sigh* It's a long story, so let's just say my memory is a little too good.
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO Zhongli Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg The finest ingredients cooked with true expertise. This is no small feat.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO Zhongli Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg The art of gastronomy is a fascinating one. That it appeals to you comes as no surprise.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO Zhongli Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg Since you seem to have some time on your hands, why don't we find a quiet place and I'll share one of my stories with you.
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Zhongli Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Birthday.ogg Happy birthday. This is a dried Glaze Lily that came into bloom on the day of your birth. Long ago, the people of Liyue would say that this flower blooms bearing the weight of the beautiful memories and prayers of the land. I believe this to have been applied on the day you were born as well.
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Zhongli Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg It seems my strength is returning. Not a lot, but enough.
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Zhongli Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg My power is growing, and so with it grows the burden on my body... I'm okay. My structure is not the same as that of normal people. Please, do not worry yourself.
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Zhongli Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg I see. Using a Vision harnesses elements. As far as the common folk are concerned, this is no small feat. So... back then... they were aware of this as they stood beside me...
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Zhongli Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg After letting go of my Gnosis, I never expected to see a day like this again. Thank you, friend. Ah, yes, I have a new contract here. Care to take a look at it together?
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Zhongli Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Rise!Media:VO Zhongli Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Quake!Media:VO Zhongli Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Crumble!Media:VO Zhongli Elemental Skill 1 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Elemental_Skill_1_04.ogg (Hold) Gather.Media:VO Zhongli Elemental Skill 1 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Elemental_Skill_1_05.ogg (Hold) Stabilize.Media:VO Zhongli Elemental Skill 1 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Elemental_Skill_1_06.ogg (Hold) Solidify.Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Zhongli Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Order guide you.Media:VO Zhongli Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg This is order.Media:VO Zhongli Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg I will have order!Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Zhongli Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndZhongli does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Zhongli Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Zhongli Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg One man's stone is another man's gem...Media:VO Zhongli Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg Unsolicited... and all the more valuable for it.Media:VO Zhongli Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Certainly worth the extra mile.Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Zhongli Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Low_HP_01.ogg I see your power.Media:VO Zhongli Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Low_HP_02.ogg Ha, this is getting interesting.Media:VO Zhongli Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Low_HP_03.ogg Emergency countermeasures aren't my thing.Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Zhongli Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Don't try to rush your enemy.Media:VO Zhongli Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Take a rest. Leave it to me.FallenFallenMedia:VO Zhongli Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Fallen_01.ogg Ugh... I'm feeling a little... off...Media:VO Zhongli Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Fallen_02.ogg You shouldn't see me like this...Media:VO Zhongli Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Fallen_03.ogg Even bedrock can be turned to dust...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Zhongli Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Zhongli Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Careless...Media:VO Zhongli Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Nothing to fear.Media:VO Zhongli Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Zhongli Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Joining_Party_01.ogg Sure.Media:VO Zhongli Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Joining_Party_02.ogg A walk would be nice.Media:VO Zhongli Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Joining_Party_03.ogg What shall we do?Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Media:VO Zhongli Standby 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Standby_02.ogg (Not recorded in Profile)(Actual Voice-Over: Osmanthus wine tastes the same as I remember... But where are those who share the memory?)Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Zhongli Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Zhongli Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Zhongli Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Zhongli Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Climbing_03.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Climbing 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Climbing_04.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Climbing 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Climbing_05.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Zhongli Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Climbing Breath 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Climbing_Breath_04.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Zhongli Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Zhongli Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Zhongli_Jumping_05.ogg 
In his "Good Afternoon" line, the "good place in Chihu Rock" he refers to is likely either Wanmin Restaurant or Third-Round Knockout, two restaurants in Chihu Rock that he shows a preference towards.
"About Us: Gold" is a reference to the description on Prithiva Topaz Gemstone, which are words spoken by him.
Differences between language versions:
Good Evening: In Chinese, Zhongli calls Yun Jin 云先生 Yún-xiānshēng. Though 先生 xiānshēng is now normally only used for men, similar to "Mr." in English, in ancient times it's used as a respectful address for accomplished or influential individuals, similar to 先生 sensei in Japanese.
About Tartaglia: Composed: In Chinese, Zhongli calls Tartaglia 武人 wǔrén instead of "rascal," which is a general term for any martial artist.
Chat: Reminiscing: In Chinese, the first sentence Zhongli recites is from a Chinese poem: "欲买桂花同载酒". The direct translation of this line is "[I] wish to buy osmanthus and drink wine together." The poem continues with "终不似，少年游", meaning: "In the end, it cannot be [carefree] like the journeys of my youth." Zhongli says instead, "只可惜故人，何日再见呢？", which roughly means: "It's only a pity I know not when I can see that old friend again."
About Xiao: In Chinese, 连理镇心散 is used instead of "painkillers." This fictional medicine is based on 镇心散, a traditional Chinese medicine for clearing the mind and relieving emotional pain, commonly used to treat symptoms such as postpartum depression in new mothers.
In the Japanese version, one of his voice lines ("Chat: Reminiscing") was updated twice.
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
Zhongli can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining him and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.
Zhongli has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsFeiyun Study Room 20 1 20,000Glittering Street 20 2 20,000
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo hello 01.ogg Zhongli: It's been a while, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo hello 02.ogg Zhongli: How have you been?
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Zhongli: The atmosphere is pleasant and to my liking.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 02a 1.ogg Zhongli: In the time that I've known you, I've come to glean some information about your character and principles.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 02a 2.ogg Zhongli: Your decisions hold my trust.
 I was worried that you would find this place childish.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 02b 1.ogg Zhongli: Everything comes from nothing, and that which is small becomes large, one step at a time.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 02b 2.ogg Zhongli: While I've lived many years, I'm not inflexible enough to be incapable of appreciating youthful trends.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 02b 3.ogg Zhongli: Your taste always sets others at ease.
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Zhongli: That would be my pleasure. What would you like to discuss?
 I want to hear you talk about the past.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg Zhongli: The past... Then let us find a free day to take our time and talk.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg Zhongli: A millennium's worth of stories cannot be told in one moment.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02a 3.ogg Zhongli: If you wish to be comfortable while listening, we'll need a pot of fine tea, two quality chairs, and a pleasing courtyard.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02a 4.ogg Zhongli: Haha, don't trouble yourself. This place will do just fine. We can sit down and take our time chatting.
 I want to better understand you.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg Zhongli: Hm... So you're interested in my past.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg Zhongli: I have many stories to tell.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 3.ogg Zhongli: What fills an ordinary person with intrigue is but an aspect of daily life for me.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 4.ogg Zhongli: This topic is a bit unexpected... I don't know where to start.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 5.ogg Zhongli: My story is long and will take up a significant amount of your time.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 6.ogg Zhongli: But should you be willing to listen, we can talk over cups of tea.
 Is there anything you'd like to do?
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Zhongli: As of late, I've been thinking about housing arrangements.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Zhongli: This residence of yours has unique scenery and elegant furnishings which I find very attractive.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Zhongli: I frequently come and go. Excuse my disturbances.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg Zhongli: Speaking of such things, I ought to contribute something to your realm.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Zhongli: And so...
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Zhongli: If it does not bother you, I would like to find a gift for you.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Zhongli: A pity... As they say, "only a mighty sword is worthy of a mighty hero." A gift befitting you truly is difficult to come by.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Zhongli: Fortunately, we have plenty of time, so there's no need to rush a decision.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Zhongli: While I may no longer be the Geo Archon, I can be considered an old-fashioned citizen of Liyue.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Zhongli: I have my courtesy. When the time comes, please accept it without worries.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg Zhongli: Hm... As long as you agree to accept it.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg Zhongli: I have witnessed much from you. Our time is boundless... A carefree life relies upon a resolute and clear heart.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg Zhongli: Being with you like this is truly a lively and joyous experience.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg Zhongli: Thank you, friend.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo morning 01.ogg Zhongli: Good morning. Though your journey be fair, do not unduly tire yourself.
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo night 01.ogg Zhongli: Good night, (TravelerTravelerThe player's chosen name for the Traveler).
Media:vo zhongli mimitomo night 02.ogg Zhongli: The night grows darker, so rest when you can. May you have pleasant dreams.
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.
Media:vo mimitomo ly zhongli study 01.ogg Zhongli: The people of Liyue follow a multitude of rules when arranging the furniture in a study. These decorative arts can largely be organized into three schools of thought and nine areas of specialization.
Media:vo mimitomo ly zhongli study 02.ogg Zhongli: You have never heard my explanations on the subject, and yet you still avoided every taboo.
Media:vo mimitomo ly zhongli study 03.ogg Zhongli: Perhaps some tacit connection has formed between us during our journey together.
Media:vo mimitomo ly zhongli store 01.ogg Zhongli: The flourishing city of Liyue developed from small streets dotted with a few shops, just like this one.
Media:vo mimitomo ly zhongli store 02.ogg Zhongli: You have a talent for many pursuits, as well as a boldness of spirit.
Media:vo mimitomo ly zhongli store 03.ogg Zhongli: To me, each day spent with you is as valuable as gold.
Released in Version 1.6[Create New History]
