Born in Qiaoying Village, Gaming left his birthplace after an impasse with his father to pursue his passion and become a professional Wushou dancer, training constantly to make the dance popular throughout Teyvat. However, with his dream career turning out to be financially unsustainable by itself, he also took up a job as a guard for the Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency, primarily escorting goods and people to and from Yilong Wharf. His diligence and friendliness have earned him renown, and he is considered to be the best guard in the agency.
Gaming's outfit. There's no need for a fancy getup when going out. A few plain layers, comfortable shoes, and voila, you're on solid footing!
Unlocked upon obtaining character
Ranging Rainbow is Gaming's Default Character Outfit.
Gaming's hair is up in a half ponytail, with the top section brown and the bottom a deep scarlet. His eye color is golden brown, rimmed in a glowing color near the pupils. Gaming is generally pale, sporting a reddish-orange top with metal clippings of silver on the collar, and baggy dark grey pants with golden engravings resembling that of Wushou lion designs. His jacket has a hoodie with a Wushou lion design and golden and green rims with tether-like drawstings. He has a green scarf draped around his hip with a Pyro Vision and a tiny metal Wushou lion trinket. Gaming has a metal choker of sorts sitting on his collarbone. He has black and gold flat shoes, and black fingerless gloves with a red string wrapped around the wrists.
Character IconItem IconParty IconOutfit Preview
Hover over previews to view in higher quality.(Preview Preferences)Media:Idle Gaming 1.mp4      Media:Idle Gaming 2.mp4      Media:Talent Menu Gaming.mp4      Media:Weapon Menu Gaming.mp4      Media:Party Setup Gaming.mp4 File:Party Setup Gaming.gif   
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishRanging Rainbow—Chinese(Simplified)万里飞虹Wànlǐ FēihóngThe Faraway Soaring RainbowChinese(Traditional)萬里飛虹Wànlǐ FēihóngJapanese万里の虹Banri no NijiKorean만리에 걸친 무지개Mallie Geolchin MujigaeSpanishVolando mil millasFlying a Thousand MilesFrenchArc-en-ciel lointainDistant RainbowRussianДалёкая радугаDalyokaya radugaDistant RainbowThaiสายรุ้งพันลี้VietnameseVạn Lý Phi HồngGermanRiesenhafter RegenbogenIndonesianRanging Rainbow—PortugueseArco-íris LongínquoTurkishUzaktaki GökkuşağıItalianArcobaleno sconfinatoBoundless Rainbow
Released in Version 4.4[Create New History]
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
Guard of the Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency, and the head of the "Mighty Mythical Beasts" Wushou troupe.—In-game character attributes and profile page text
Gaming is a young and energetic man working for the Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency. He has a very strong work ethic, eagerly completing whatever his clients may ask of him and will fiercely protect their cargo regardless of the situation. He also enjoys Wushou Dances, something which he practices regularly on a daily basis, wanting to become a professional dancer. This practice has made him nimble and proficient in martial arts, despite the numerous injuries he obtains doing so. As such, he is well-liked by the people of Yilong Wharf, who see him as reliable and optimistic.
In his youth, his energetic personality made him renowned as a troublemaker and oddball. He is fond of his mother, having picked up her manner of speaking (which includes gesticulations) and carries her letter in a book she gave him, though he misses her dearly after her passing. After being shown a wushou dance by his father, Gaming became inspired to become one himself, causing him to be at odds with his father, who wanted him to continue the family business. This nearly resulted in a fistfight, though he ended up leaving home to fend for himself. His father had only opposed the idea because he felt that the family could provide for him, but after witnessing his show firsthand and a talk with Zhongli, reconciled with him and agreed to let him pursue his own path.
Outside of work, if not practicing Wushou Dances, Gaming enjoys drinking tea and eating small bites. He does not mind eating any food, as long as they taste natural.
See also: Ranging RainbowGaming uses the medium male model. He has light brown eyes, with a light ring around the pupils, brown hair with red peekaboo dye, pale skin, and a mole on his neck. His hair has a small ahoge at the very top of his head, and his hair is fluffed out in a half-up-half-down.
He sees and hears everything, as if he  had the eyes of a hawk and the ears of a fox, like some kind of mythical  beast. Fighting tooth and nail, he drove away bandits and ruffians like  devils with all the auspicious momentum of the suanni.—A plaque of gratitude received by the Sword and Strongbox Secure  Transport Agency from a merchant whose caravan was safely escorted by Gaming
If you happen to hear the sound of drums and  gongs as you're walking through the streets of Liyue Harbor, let your ears lead the way. With a bit of luck, you might just be fortunate enough to  witness a performance of Gaming's remarkable Wushou Dance.
When he puts on his mask, he shakes his head and blinks like a waking  beast. The vast array of emotions he conjures up, the unpredictable twists and turns... Following his every move with rapture, the audience can't help but cheer and applaud.
"Thank you for your support, everyone! And remember, if someone you know's thinking of booking a Wushou Dance, don't forget to recommend the 'Mighty Mythical Beasts'!"
It's just a shame that, more often than not, he receives nothing but applause in return. But Gaming doesn't let this get to him — he laughs it off, saying that the audience's attention is all the recognition he needs.
Once the crowd has dispersed and his mask is off, Gaming swiftly returns to being a "guard" and thinking of work matters once more: How many cargo shipments still need delivering? Which clients does he need to escort? And so on...
Usually, when there's nothing urgent on, he heads to Xinyue Kiosk to while away the time with some dim sum — a pot of tea, a selection of bite-sized nibbles, and leisurely chatter in the company of good friends.
As a guard, the task of escorting goods from Yilong Wharf to Liyue Harbor couldn't be easier for Gaming. But as the head of the "Mighty Mythical Beasts," his dream of making the Wushou Dance a regular occurrence in Liyue Harbor still has a long, long road ahead of it...
So in the meantime, why not sit and enjoy another cup of tea?
Goods flow through Yilong Wharf round the clock, and the merchant convoys and their cargo have need of guards to escort them through the various regions of Liyue to other lands.Since ancient times, such escort work has been no easy task. Even in an era of relative safety on the roads such as this, any one escort run could involve any number of variables.Perhaps this employer might change the route on an ad hoc basis, or perhaps that customer will nitpick and refuse to accept the goods, never mind how the roads do not lack for all manner of petty crooks if one is fortunate, and big-time bandits if one is not.Although the Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency has no shortage of capable, skilled staff, were you to comb through all their roster, the only one among their ranks who can keep clients happy while beating any brigands down is Gaming.The merchant guilds, for their part, are quite eager to have this young, competent guard to escort their cargo, and Gaming is no less popular on the streets outside of work than he is in his professional capacity. Indeed, any and all friends of this busy fellow will rate him two thumbs up."It was a piece of cake! Come see our Wushou Dance when you're free! Don't worry, just enjoy the show, and we'll call it even. Thanks in advance, haha!"Whenever someone on the receiving end of his help wants to return the favor, this will be his jocular reply.Character Story 1 Friendship Lv. 2
Gaming was born in Qiaoying Village, a place famous for its tea, and his ancestors had been tea farmers for several generations, only switching to mainly selling tea leaves during his father Yip Tak's time. With his parents working together, their business was getting better by the day, and of course, any father would hope for his son to succeed him in the family business.Thanks to his father's hard work, at least Gaming no longer had to experience the backbreaking daily grind of farm work, nor would he have to start a business from scratch. But as they say, "like father, like son" — Gaming turned out to have his own ideas about which road to tread, just as his father had chosen to diverge from Gaming's grandfather's decision to keep growing tea.The two were at an impasse, with neither accepting the other's view. Only Gaming's eventual departure from their home put a stop to the arguments between father and son.For his next haunt, Gaming chose the bustling Yilong Wharf, having planned out how he'd make his living a while back — through a passion of his that had burned since childhood, Wushou Dance, of course.Filled with enthusiasm and confidence that created complacency, the young man blazed through creating all the relevant props, even printing flyers introducing himself and booking performance venues... He planned to plant his feet first in Yilong Wharf, then conquer Liyue Harbor, and finally, to introduce Wushou Dance to Teyvat at large...Suffice it to say that the diligent youth's passionate pursuit of his dream sent all of the business startup funds he had saved up before leaving home up in smoke, leaving him quite broke in short order."Making Wushou Dance your career? As if! Forget making a living, hah, you'd be lucky not to starve!"Hungry as he was, Gaming now understood his father's words.With the mindset "What's done is done, let's focus on getting a meal first," Gaming had little choice but to find a job that could put food on his table.Fortunately, fate has a habit of giving right after taking. Lantern Rite was just around the corner at the time, and the good-hearted young man led a Fontainian merchant to the Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency just as a lead guard was fretting over a manpower shortage. Gaming took the opportunity to recommend himself and was promptly taken on as a temp employee.Thanks to his daily Wushou Dance training, he had a strong foundation in martial arts and tenacity in the face of hardship, and was promptly asked to stay on as an official guard for hire after finishing that escort run.All in all, that definitely counted as feeding himself through Wushou Dance... right? That was how Gaming saw it, anyway.Character Story 2 Friendship Lv. 3
Language is one of the most important tools for communication between people, and Gaming's distinctive way of using this "tool" is especially interesting."Well, my friend, I do hope you stay in warm waters and on the wall.""Why, you ask? Well, warm's just the way we like it, and your wall's a good fit, isn't it?"And whenever the other party gets confused, Gaming will try supplementing his explanation through different methods, complete with various gesticulations to demonstrate his point.This manner of speaking, he explains, he got from his mother, who married into Qiaoying Village from afar, and to whom he was quite attached after his birth. He would follow her just about everywhere, and in his doings and interactions with others, he would pick up many of her habits and interests.Nothing to do? Get some dim sum. Feeling hot and woozy? Brew up some cooling tea. Eating a meal? Got to have some greens... and no, melons and fruits are not greens.These habits are not ironclad, of course. If a friend came up with some new suggestion, he would be game to try it out. People from all lands were brethren, after all, and it is Gaming's way to treat all with sincerity.He can easily shoot the breeze with just about anyone in Yilong Wharf, young or old. At first, most think his polite speech to just be pretty pleasantries, but after some time, they will find that he is being perfectly earnest. He will introduce the itinerant handyman Duqin to work opportunities, assist the ever-busy Zhigui, fetch medicinal wines from Liyue Harbor for his fellow guards, and even get Dip Yeuk to give a Suanni-themed toy to a child whom he himself has never met, all because Dip once mentioned that the boy liked watching Wushou Dance...Priceless is the friend who knows your heart, and so everyone returns the favor to this big-hearted lad. They always invite him to come in and rest his feet when he comes by with a delivery, and there is always a seat for him at a dim sum table — well, on the condition that he doesn't say "I'll foot the bill."Gaming often claims that he'd never have gotten far in Yilong Wharf without everyone's help, but those familiar with the humble, earnest lad know that he would have been fine no matter where he was.Character Story 3 Friendship Lv. 4
Practice makes the professional. As such, no matter how busy work gets at the transport agency, Gaming will take time to train.At meals, Gaming may be found tussling cheekily with his colleagues over dishes, wielding his chopsticks like a seasoned duelist, while under the table his knees are bent in a low horse stance, sturdy as a mountain. After the cargo is packed, he will rarely get a cart to move it to a warehouse but instead will lift it all himself, box by box, to train his arm strength.The lead guard knew that their work was hard and laborious, and so from time to time would call for suggestions on items that might be added to the office for relaxation purposes.Soft beds, comfortable pillows, Genius Invokation TCG decks...At that moment, Gaming cleared his throat and said: "If possible, could we have some Plum Blossom Poles installed in the front yard so we can train better? Bet if we firm up our fundamentals, it'll make our work a whole lot easier!"His words were met with silence. Everyone was just discussing where to go after work, and here was someone saying that overtime was the best break. Why, this was a crime most heinous, and "punishment" was in order! So they gathered about him like bees in a hive, some "screeching," others "pleading," still others pretending to "advise" him, laughing and cavorting."Have mercy on me and accept my apologies, brothers, and thank you for giving me my minute of glory. How about this, then? How about I treat you all to some dim sum? Will that make amends?"This sort of horsing about happened every so often among the guards, of course. Everyone knew that Gaming wanted the Plum Blossom Pillars for Wushou Dance practice, and everyone was just playing along with him, wagging their tongues and fingers and feigning their reactions so his birthday surprise wouldn't be spoiled. In truth, they had already stacked those pillars up outside — all that remained was for them to put them up together.During their downtime, Gaming also often invites his fellow guards to take up Wushou Dance, and everyone has indeed tried it at least once on account of it "looking totally dope," though almost none have persevered for long, with one of them even joking that:"If we put suffering on a podium, we guards would get bronze, Wushou Dance masters silver, and Gaming would get gold, since he does both!"Not wrong, in truth.Character Story 4 Friendship Lv. 5
"Our kid from another family." This is the highest of the glowing evaluations Gaming has received from the streets of Yilong Wharf. And little wonder. He's a mature and decent sort, and having left his home, he has earned his status and reputation without relying on anyone else.Only those aunts and uncles who saw him grow up know that he was once the notorious "demon king" of Qiaoying Village.If he wasn't climbing up the roof tiles, he was grabbing at the bird nests in trees, and he would go into the fields with the adults to harvest tea, to the point where his father paying damages to the neighbors for those incidents was practically routine.In truth, however, he climbed up the house beams to help his father store a private stash of Mora, and he rummaged through bird nests to help his mother collect feathers for head ornaments, and he was thrashing in the fields trying to capture pests and harmful bugs...As an oddball, Gaming's head is always full of strange, bright new ideas, leaving others quite dumbfounded, and so his parents only ever spoiled him more despite his mischievousness.Having heard that a somewhat famous Wushou Dance troupe from Yilong Wharf would be performing in Qiaoying Village, his father had handed work over to his assistants long beforehand, preparing to get Gaming one of the best seats to the watch the spectacular show.But on the day of the dance itself, he tarried too long at the tea table as he dined on dim sum with his friends, and by the time Gaming had pulled both parents before the stage, it had already been ringed by spectators thrice and thrice again. There would be no watching the Wushou Dance today, it seemed."Daddy's a cheat and a fibber! You said we'd go see the big Suanni!"There was no comforting him by this point. Even attempts to placate him with promises of purchasing toys were drowned out by his cries."Little kids who don't listen to their parents will get eaten by the Suanni! Check out how fierce it is!"So saying, Gaming's father lifted the boy atop his shoulders. At that moment, the Suanni onstage leapt onto a tall pillar, and it turned and looked, locking eyes with Gaming.All at once the boy stopped crying, staring with wide eyes and open mouth at the dance taking place onstage. After the show had ended and the crowd dispersed, Gaming continued to gaze back in the direction of the stage the whole way home. Only then did his parents see that something was amiss. Could he have been frightened so by the words spoken previously?"Ah, Gaming, no need to be scared. That wasn't a real Suanni! There were people inside, and they don't eat children...""Daddy! I wanna watch the show again! I wanna be like that big Suanni. Raaaarr!"From that day forth, Gaming, once whimsical (some might say half-hearted) in all his fancies, became utterly consumed with Wushou Dance, often badgering his father to take him to see shows, and his indiscriminate mischief-making gradually turned to (what he thought was) meticulous and well-planned Wushou Dance training.At least eight bamboo baskets became casualties of his road to mastery in lifting the beast's head, cruelly felled by kicks.As for the various rice and soup spoons that went missing around the house, they were no doubt taken to be used for drum practice, dragging not a few basins and benches down with them.Once, Gaming went with his father to purchase a batch of new tea from the farmers, when a bamboo basket was passed to him, he performed a "Suanni's Salutation" on reflex, raising the basket and beginning to dance. The tea leaves were scattered everywhere, and Gaming wound up being chased around the village with his father in hot pursuit. And when the father finally returned, pulling his son by the ear, their meal had already gone cold, and the mistress of the house had long been waiting expectantly at the door for their return, rattan rod in hand...In spring, autumn, winter, and summer, his parents would sit at home, his father nursing some tea and his mother snacking on melon seeds, and watch their son jump up and down, beast-head in hand...It is a pity that such days, so ordinary they could not be more ordinary, can now only return in dreams.Character Story 5 Friendship Lv. 6
Children really do change as they grow up, and that little child engrossed in watching Wushou Dance grew to become a spirited youth. The one thing that did not change was his passion for Wushou Dance, and still he dreamed of making it big in Liyue Harbor one day. But compared to Yilong Wharf, things were different there. In Liyue Harbor, Wushou Dance was seen as a new-ish folk practice that originated in Chenyu Vale — it was appreciated, sure, but it was no money-maker, and certainly not ingrained in people's hearts in the same way Liyue opera was.The more Gaming's father watched his son bustle about tirelessly, the more he worried about the youth's future, and not a few times did he speak seriously with the boy about the difficulties of starting a business. And each time, Gaming would retort that staying in business was harder yet, and declined to succeed his father in the tea leaf business. In earlier years, when his mother was still around, any impasse between the two could be broken up around the dinner table, but after she passed from illness, it was as if the glue from this father-son relationship had come unstuck, and they grew distant.Gaming's father blamed her falling ill on the immense amount of labor she had put into starting the business with him, and by extension, himself. If something were to happen to their only son, how could he ever face her? And thus, when Gaming was once again injured when practicing Wushou Dance, he could take no more, and gave all of his son's equipment away, leaving only the beast head his wife had made. To his shock, Gaming left without a word the very next day, taking said head with him.In truth, his son's departure did not only leave him angry, but also stewing in a melange of emotions and wavering reflection. He had in fact been constantly asking those close to him at the Communications Office to help take care of his son over the years, but whenever Gaming came up in conversation, his words could be brutal and blunt — nor would he put aside his pride to proactively mend relations.Leong, an assistant to the business, would write to Gaming come every festival, discussing some awkward matters that were neither here nor there — and of course, even a witless twit could guess that he was doing so at the behest of Gaming's father. Even so, Gaming was not as headstrong and free-spirited as he often appeared, and he never exposed Leong, instead going along with the letters, even asking after matters at home, intentionally or otherwise...To Gaming, reading Leong's letters was akin to defusing a bomb, and in truth, he sometimes hoped to receive nothing at all. Just as he once feared that the villagers might come and say "Your father's on his way to give you a good whooping," he now feared that someone might say "Your father was at home when he had a fall"... Whether then or now, no news was good news.Thus did father and son continue to be stubborn, each seemingly convinced that the other would understand them in time... Gladsome was it, then, that ever-ardent Ms. Xianyun would intercede before such reticence could turn to regret. With the bridge she built, and with the aid of able allies, Gaming's father was finally able to center himself and find calm, finishing watching his son's masterful, exciting Wushou Dance performance. From awkwardness to active dialog they went, and at last, they were again able to open up to each other, with Gaming's father accepting his son's career choice."Well, remember to come watch next time I perform in Liyue Harbor.""I don't need you to tell me that.""In that case, don't chat too long over dim sum, or you might not be able to squeeze your way in when you come late...""You rascal!"To My Boy, Gaming Friendship Lv. 4
Gaming doesn't like reading, but he has kept a book under his pillow for years. Tucked inside its pages is the only letter his mother ever wrote to him."...The thing I'm most worried about after I'm gone is that you and your father will get into arguments every day. All this agitation is simply no good for anyone. Don't blame your dad, he's more bark than bite. He's just concerned that you'll have a tough time on your own in the future and doesn't want you to go through such hardships. Do you remember that time when you sprained your leg? Your father was so anxious that he ran frantically to the physician, with you on his back. He was worried sick, and he secretly cried under the blankets that night. You are a big boy now, do show some consideration for your dad and let him have his way sometimes. Don't quarrel with your dad if you can help it...""...Don't worry, I'm not against you learning Wushou Dance. In fact, I'm glad that you found something you like and enjoy doing while you were young. But you have to promise me to be careful and not force yourself so you don't get hurt! And please be careful not to eat anything too heaty, cold or raw, and don't be too picky about what you eat and drink... Remember to wear more layers when it's stormy and raining, don't neglect keeping yourself warm just because you want to look cool!""...As you step into society, you have to stay true to yourself. Don't let yourself or others down. The worst thing you can do is to make empty promises and be someone who is 'all talk, no action.'""There's no harm in knowing more people. If you find a friend who you can really connect with, you absolutely must treat them well with a sincere heart. It's not about the number of friends you have but the quality of your friendships. You should count yourself lucky if you find someone you can rely on. I know you won't want to talk to your dad about things that are bothering you, so just find a friend whom you can share your woes with. No matter what you do, don't bottle up your feelings, and definitely don't do anything silly, alright?""I'm feeling a little tired, so I'll take a rest now. I know I always say, 'You little rascal, I wish I'd given birth to a chunk of char siu instead of you,' and you always sulk when you hear it... But I want you to know that you're not a little rascal and that you're so, so much better than a piece of char siu... You will always be my little boy that I cherish and love most in the world..."Judging from the creases, the letter has been opened and put away again and again. Placing it between the pages of a book was indeed a clever way to preserve the letter.The book in which he kept the letter had been used by his mother as a coaster for her teacup, and now that it had passed down to Gaming, he too had found a new purpose for it."Mom actually told me I should read more. Please, has she ever opened the book herself? Oh, oops, pretend I didn't say anything! Otherwise, Mom will give me a good whacking in my dreams!"Gaming never cries when he talks about his mother in front of others. He knows she would have wanted him to be optimistic and happy and move on with his life. And that's exactly what he did.It's just that the wind always blows sand into his eyes when he's alone and when he's thinking about his mother, even when he's in his bedroom, where there's neither wind nor sand.Vision Friendship Lv. 6
A certain question had always vexed Gaming — what does a Suanni look like, exactly? Having asked his seniors, he found out that they had never seen a real one either, and they had relied on their teachers to hand down the art of Wushou Dance to them. If he really wanted to find out, it was going to be an adventure unto itself.Random chance allowed him to borrow a few old texts about the solitary Suanni hidden in the mountains from Xingqiu. Several nights did he do battle against the unfamiliar words that rushed his position like a relentless army of ants, only to be defeated at last, remembering only a few key phrases like "fierce," "majestic," and "untamed."A giant beast of most heroic bearing indeed! He was sure that if only he could lay eyes upon it, he would gain much inspiration for his Wushou Dance performances. It was with this belief that Gaming would often poke about the locations the books mentioned. And when he came to Mt. Lingmeng, he sensed an oppressive aura about, as if a pair of eyes hidden in the bushes were watching him. This was it, Gaming intuited.Before dawn broke the next day, he made himself presentable, and brought his favorite beast head and a big bag of food offerings into the mountains. Suddenly, a strong gust blew by, and before he could react, a dark shadow had swooped about him, looping around him in circles. He immediately closed his eyes and clapped his hands together, stating his intent in a reverent and loud voice."O Great Suanni, Gaming greets you! I came here simply to witness your majesty... and I brought lots of good food for your enjoyment, too! Now, ah, if you don't mind, could I open my eyes?"Hearing no more movement, he slowly re-opened his eyes, only to witness a large... difference between how he had imagined a Suanni to look and this cute little creature that sat proudly upon a giant stone."Whoa, seriously!? You're so tiny! And cute! Who's a good Suanni? That's right, you are! C'mon, let me give you some headpats, and..."In his excitement, Gaming overstepped and displeased the Suanni, and though it was indeed very small, it had an extraordinary energy about it, and like a furious flame it jumped all around the young man until he grew dizzy, the items he had brought dropping from his hands. Almost unconsciously, Gaming grabbed at the beast head and began dueling the creature. What the Suanni would do, Gaming would imitate, and so they continued from daylight till dusk — to a bystander, they might even have seemed like playmates meeting again after a long separation. Finally, the Suanni seemed to acknowledge him, and as it shook its head about, a shiny stone popped out of its mane."Really? A Vision, too? Is this what they mean by 'good things come in pairs'?"Carefully did Gaming approach that stone, finding it to be an absolutely real, positively genuine chunk of ore that had only shone under the glare of the setting sun.Ah, a misunderstanding, then. It was a shame, of course, but it did not dampen his mood — indeed, it was from this moment that the "Mighty Mythical Beasts" troupe was formally founded.From that day onward, Gaming and Man Chai were inseparable, and he quickly forgot about that whole Vision affair...Some time later, Gaming was escorting a merchant caravan when he encountered a ruthless gang of bandits. The merchants advised him to retreat — lost cargo could be written off as a cost of business, but lost lives could not."Hah! I've never been able to stand those who steal and rob for a living. Even if I wasn't on the job, I'd give them a piece of my mind, and as it happens, making them regret their life choices is my job and I'm on the clock. You go first, boss, and I'll hold the line here. I guarantee not one crate will be lost, nor will a single hair on your heads be harmed!"Thus did Gaming go one against ten, and though he sustained numerous injuries, he persevered until all the brigands were bound, and both the Millelith and his colleagues had arrived, before allowing himself to slump over.The merchants would later inspect their goods, only to find that, indeed, not a single item was missing, and there was even something that had not been in the manifest — a Vision.They wrapped the item carefully before having it delivered, alongside the thank-you plaque they gave Gaming, to the Sword and Strongbox Agency.Gaming was caught completely off-guard by the gem, with only surprise and not gladness registering in his heart, which was instead overwhelmed with a series of questions."What, really? Is this mine? I mean, I was just escorting some goods, nothing special. I mean, don't I do that every day?""Should I return it? But to whom? The caravan? No, wait, they said it wasn't theirs... Could it have been... that no-good low-down crook's?""No, no, what am I thinking! Well, in that case... I guess this Vision really maybe probably might be mine, then?""But I've heard that they have to do with strong wishes. I didn't get it back when I was dancing in front of Man Chai, and now I just... randomly got it on the job. Does that mean... that I was always meant to be a guard, but I was led astray by Wushou Dance?""Is this a hint that I should give up on it? In that case, I'd rather not have this Vision at all!"This lasted until he got the wrapping cloth off the plaque—And then he saw it, shaped as it was: like a beast of good omen, ears and eyes on the alert, seeing and hearing all.The defeat of these crooks, he realized, was a deed that made him akin in spirit to the monster-subjugating Suanni.Only then did the doubt clouding over Gaming's heart clear, and in response, he cleaned his hands on his clothes before accepting this Vision with all due ceremony.
Obtain:Reward for reaching Friendship Level 10 with GamingDescription:"Don't stop believing, Man Chai. One day, we'll soar high, with nary a patched hole in our trousers."
Leo ExpergiscensMeaning:Awakening Lion 
EventsVibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring BreezePart I: The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present AuspicesThe Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present AuspicesPart II: A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance RevealedA Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance RevealedPart III: The Glede Returns to the PavilionThe Glede Returns to the PavilionWeb EventsDancing Beasts and Soaring Kites
QuestsEvent Story Quest The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices in Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze: Part I - The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present AuspicesEventsTriumphant FrenzyTest Run EventsXianyun, Nahida, Gaming, Faruzan — 2024-01-31Sigewinne, Furina, Gaming, Rosaria — 2024-06-25
Character Voice-OversCharacterVoice-OversBaizhuAbout Gaming Media:VO_Baizhu About Gaming.ogg Media:VO ZH_Baizhu About Gaming.ogg Media:VO JA_Baizhu About Gaming.ogg Media:VO KO_Baizhu About Gaming.ogg Gaming has quite a lot of scars and old injuries compared to other people his age. And every time he comes to see me, he always seems to have a new bruise here, and a new sprain there... *sigh* No matter how many times I insist that he needs to be more careful, it always goes in one ear and out the other. All I can do is teach him some useful techniques for dressing and treating his wounds. I hope he finds them useful.XianglingAbout Gaming Media:VO_Xiangling About Gaming.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xiangling About Gaming.ogg Media:VO JA_Xiangling About Gaming.ogg Media:VO KO_Xiangling About Gaming.ogg Oh boy, once I know Gaming is coming, I make sure to prepare a huge pot of tea in advance. You know, so he can wash some of the spicy food down. I've offered to tone down the spice a bit for him, but he absolutely insists that he prefers the authentic flavor... And he's not even just saying that to be polite. Believe me, I know a true foodie when I see one! Anyway, if that's what he prefers, then who am I to disappoint, hehe!XianyunAbout Gaming Media:VO_Xianyun About Gaming.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xianyun About Gaming.ogg Media:VO JA_Xianyun About Gaming.ogg Media:VO KO_Xianyun About Gaming.ogg One is very fond of Gaming. He is good-hearted and entertaining in conversation, but never grandiloquent. We first met when one was resting by a lake, and he very kindly shared some of his provisions with me. Later, he commented that one seemed to be a wise elder, worthier of respect than even the adepti themselves... Hehe, this wise elder will be sure to look out for him after that.XingqiuAbout Gaming Media:VO_Xingqiu About Gaming.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xingqiu About Gaming.ogg Media:VO JA_Xingqiu About Gaming.ogg Media:VO KO_Xingqiu About Gaming.ogg Gaming's work has all the trappings of a chivalric hero. Picture the scene — on a dark and moonless night, a lone young figure clad in black stands fearless on a secluded country road. They say his mastery of the martial arts is unparalleled, and the mythical beast by his side always does his bidding... Bandits and brigands beware, for none who challenge him come away unscathed... When he has the time, I'd love to hear more about his experiences as a guard. You should come along too.XinyanAbout Gaming Media:VO_Xinyan About Gaming.ogg Media:VO ZH_Xinyan About Gaming.ogg Media:VO JA_Xinyan About Gaming.ogg Media:VO KO_Xinyan About Gaming.ogg The first time Gaming told me I had a bad case of "rock 'n' roll fever," I checked my forehead to see if he was right. My temperature was fine, so I denied it. But he insisted it was true. We went back and forth arguing about it for hours before I realized it was all just a misunderstanding. Gaming explained that it was just another way to say you're a fan of something. Hahaha, there's never a dull moment when Gaming's around. Anyway, I've definitely come 'round to "rock 'n' roll fever" as an expression — I'll have to work it into the lyrics next time I write a song!
Main article: Gaming/Lore/History
The Wushou Dance (Chinese: 舞兽戏 wǔshòu-xì) is a reference to the Chinese lion dance (Chinese: 舞狮 wǔshī).
His constellation Leo Expergiscens (Chinese: 醒狮座 "Awakened Lion Constellation") specifically refers to the Chinese southern lion dance (Chinese: 醒狮 lit. "awakened lion").
Gaming's role as a guard is a reference to Chinese guardian lions, mythical beasts in the form of lions that are placed in front of a building to ward off evil spirits. Several such statues also exist in Liyue Harbor.
His title Leonine Vanguard (骏猊頕首) is a reference to a Chinese legendary beast called the Suanni 狻猊, a dragon-lion hybrid often depicted in carvings atop Buddhist temples and incense burners.
Gaming shares the same voice actors in the following languages:
English: Caleb Yen, with Caelus, the male Trailblazer from Honkai: Star Rail.
Chinese: Xie Ying, with Keqing and Skirk.
Gaming is the first character in Genshin Impact to use the Cantonese pronunciation of his name rather than the Mandarin pronunciation. His name means "Auspicious and Bright" in Chinese.
Character Title: Leonine Vanguard
LanguageOfficial NameLiteral MeaningEnglishLeonine Vanguard—Chinese(Simplified)骏猊頕首Jùnní DiànshǒuThe Spirited Lion Lifts Its HeadChinese(Traditional)駿猊頕首Jùnní DiànshǒuJapanese頭角を現す駿猊Toukaku wo Arawasu Shungei‍[!][!]Assumed readingKorean고개를 치켜든 산예산예狻猊Gogaereul Chikyeodeun SanyeLion that Lifted Its HeadSpanishEl Vigía LeoninoThe Leonine VanguardFrenchAvant-garde léonineLeonine VanguardRussianЛьвиный авангардL'vinyy avangardLeonine VanguardThaiซวนหนีผงาดRising SuanniVietnameseTuấn Nghê Ngẩng ĐầuGermanFabellöwe im VormarschIndonesianLeonine Vanguard—PortugueseOlhar LeoninoLeonine GazeTurkishAslan Yürekli ÖncüItalianAvanguardia leoninaLeonine Vanguard
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
HelloHelloMedia:VO_Gaming Hello.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Hello.ogg Hey, Boss! The name's Gaming — I'm a guard from the Communications Office. So, all this needs shipping, right? No, no, you grab a seat and have some tea — I'll get these packed up for you, no problem. It'll only take me a minute, then we can get the delivery scheduled. Oh! And if you ever wanna book a Wushou Dance, me and my crew are available in a heartbeat! The troupe's called the Mighty Mythical Beasts, and I'm the head, hehe, not to brag or anything.
Chat: Wushou DanceChat: Wushou DanceMedia:VO_Gaming Chat - Wushou Dance.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Chat_-_Wushou_Dance.ogg Boom-boom tsh, and eyes! And boom-boom tsh, and mouth! And... hmm... I need to tighten up that part.
Chat: Armed EscortChat: Armed EscortMedia:VO_Gaming Chat - Armed Escort.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Chat_-_Armed_Escort.ogg Whether it takes me uphill, downhill, or out to the sticks, I get the goods from A to B — I'll even take 'em across the sea if needed. So don't worry, you're in safe hands. They don't call me the Gold-Standard Guard for nothing!
Chat: Dim SumChat: Dim SumMedia:VO_Gaming Chat - Dim Sum.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Chat_-_Dim_Sum.ogg A pot of tea with a couple of nibbles, some seasonal greens, and a piping-hot bowl of fresh congee... Ahh, that's a dope breakfast right there! The perfect way to start your day.
When It RainsWhen It RainsMedia:VO_Gaming When It Rains.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_When_It_Rains.ogg Rain! Oh man, I hope I brought the laundry in!
When Thunder StrikesWhen Thunder StrikesMedia:VO_Gaming When Thunder Strikes.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_When_Thunder_Strikes.ogg Hey, you hear that? Someone just got wrecked! If you're gonna swear on high heaven, don't make an oath you can't keep.
When It SnowsWhen It SnowsMedia:VO_Gaming When It Snows.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_When_It_Snows.ogg Ahhh... Eh? Why can't I catch any in my mouth?
When the Sun Is OutWhen the Sun Is OutMedia:VO_Gaming When the Sun Is Out.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_When_the_Sun_Is_Out.ogg Great, sun's out! 'Bout time we had some dry heat. It's been so muggy lately.
In the DesertIn the DesertMedia:VO_Gaming In the Desert.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_In_the_Desert.ogg Dang, I bet water costs an arm and a leg around here? Good thing I brought my own.
Good MorningGood MorningMedia:VO_Gaming Good Morning.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Good_Morning.ogg Just finished my kung-fu practice. I'm about to go for dim sum, you wanna join?
Good AfternoonGood AfternoonMedia:VO_Gaming Good Afternoon.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Good_Afternoon.ogg You know my favorite thing to have for lunch? Breakfast. Join me for dim sum?
Good EveningGood EveningMedia:VO_Gaming Good Evening.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Good_Evening.ogg I managed to book this cool place for dinner! They only do evening service, and it's invite-only. Since you're here with me, wanna come with? Use it or snooze it. C'mon, let's go!
Good NightGood NightMedia:VO_Gaming Good Night.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Good_Night.ogg Hittin' the hay? No? ...You hungry? Wanna grab a bite?
About Gaming: HometownAbout Gaming: HometownMedia:VO_Gaming About Gaming - Hometown.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Gaming_-_Hometown.ogg Ever been to Qiaoying Village? I grew up there. It's a big tea-growing region — Sunglo and Single-Origin Yauwan both come from there. You know what, no time like the present — I got a box of totally dope Single-Origin here, let's get to a teahouse and brew us a pot right now! I'll get some nibbles too, my treat!
About Gaming: This Day and Age Friendship Lv. 4About Gaming: This Day and Age Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Gaming - This Day and Age.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Gaming_-_This_Day_and_Age.ogg The fact that I'm able to put food on my plate, and still have the time and energy to focus on my Wushou Dancing, in this day and age... it's all thanks to the folks who've supported me along the way. So I owe it to them to put a hundred and ten percent into this job. Of course, no one's complaining if I still manage to find time to do them the occasional favor and take them for dim sum, haha!
About Us: Show of SupportAbout Us: Show of SupportMedia:VO_Gaming About Us - Show of Support.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Us_-_Show_of_Support.ogg When I'm not on a delivery run, I do wushou dancing on the streets of Liyue Harbor. Do you think you could come along and watch sometime to support me? No, no, it's completely free. As long as people are entertained, I'm a happy guy.
About Us: Dim Sum Time Friendship Lv. 6About Us: Dim Sum Time Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Gaming About Us - Dim Sum Time.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Us_-_Dim_Sum_Time.ogg Always remember that you can rely on your friends. When the going gets tough, don't soldier on alone — just get in touch and I'll be there! Oh — but hopefully it won't come to that, knock on wood! Here's hoping that next time you get in touch, everything's peaches and cream, and you just need a dim sum buddy!
About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4About the Vision Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About the Vision.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_the_Vision.ogg Some martial arts novels say that the key to becoming a kung-fu master is tapping into the body's yin-yang energy reserves, hidden in the governor and conception vessels. Well, that's what getting a Vision felt like! ...Haha, just kidding. I'm no kung-fu master — just a good neighbor, thanks to the extra energy it gives me. But that's just me — now imagine if you had a Vision... I mean, looking at everything you can already do without one... Man, that'd be something.
Something to ShareSomething to ShareMedia:VO_Gaming Something to Share.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Something_to_Share.ogg Man Chai's such a little rascal! I gave him the name 'cause it means "well-behaved," hoping it would rub off on him. Heh... whole lot of good that did! But it's no biggie, all that hyperactive energy makes for a more exciting wushou dance. Also, I feel like watching Man Chai has helped me get a better handle on how suanni look in action. Soon as I put my Wushou head on, I'm right in the zone, roar!
Interesting ThingsInteresting ThingsMedia:VO_Gaming Interesting Things.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Interesting_Things.ogg With a lot of herbs, flowers, and even the twigs and bark of certain trees, if you dry them out then boil them in water, it makes a really refreshing drink with a ton of health benefits! Cools you down, calms the mind, and so on. My granny and aunty tell me that drinking one of these herbal teas before and after eating fried foods helps clear your system and reduce heatiness.
About Xiangling Friendship Lv. 4About Xiangling Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Xiangling.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Xiangling.ogg Pretty much everything Chef Xiangling cooks is a winner, but my favorite has to be her Black-Back Perch Stew. I always try to rinse off the molten lava sauce before each bite, but I'm still like "ss, ah, ss, ah" trying to cool my mouth down, hahaha! Worth every bite though, and they do generous portions — you can see why it's Wanmin's signature dish. I'll be back for my next fix soon!
About Xingqiu Friendship Lv. 4About Xingqiu Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Xingqiu.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Xingqiu.ogg The Feiyun Commerce Guild's a longtime client of the Secure Transport Agency. The older brother's the one who usually takes care of business with us, but there was one time when Xingqiu piped up with a question for me. So I start rambling away, giving him all the routes and delivery dates for all their recent orders... Turns out all he wanted to know was when the Wanwen Bookhouse is getting their next delivery in, hahaha...
About Chongyun Friendship Lv. 4About Chongyun Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Chongyun.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Chongyun.ogg I heard that guy's got a "pure-yang spirit"? Where I'm from, we call that heatiness. Dude needs to drink more herbal teas, for real.
About Keqing Friendship Lv. 4About Keqing Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Keqing.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Keqing.ogg It's all thanks to the Yuheng that we don't get so many bandits on the road between Liyue Harbor and Yilong Wharf anymore. She's the one who spearheaded the crackdown on all that. ...You think my job's at risk, huh? Haha, they ain't gonna get rid of me that easily. Sure, maybe there's no more bandits to fight, but you're always gonna need a strong pair of arms to lug the cargo around.
About Baizhu Friendship Lv. 4About Baizhu Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Baizhu.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Baizhu.ogg Working as a guard and doing Wushou Dancing means I have a pretty injury-prone lifestyle. Good thing is, Dr. Baizhu's medicine is always there to save the day. Seriously, it's like the one thing people should pack before going on a long journey or family vacation. My workmates at the Secure Transport Agency always get me to bring some back for them when I come to Liyue Harbor.
About Qiqi Friendship Lv. 4About Qiqi Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Qiqi.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Qiqi.ogg Ah, Qiqi, the lovable munchkin. She's convinced that all my accidents are due to stiff joints, so whenever I'm at Bubu Pharmacy stocking up on medicine, she makes me do some stretches with her to limber me up, haha. It's easy, wanna try? Ok, after me: One, two three, four; two, two, three, four...
About Yun Jin Friendship Lv. 4About Yun Jin Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Yun Jin.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Yun_Jin.ogg Yun Jin's a huge inspiration to me! Everyone agrees that she's a fantastic singer, from the experts to the casual listener. Incredible. If the Mighty Mythical Beasts ever get half as successful as the Yun-Han Opera Troupe... don't pinch me, 'cause I won't wanna wake up!
About Xinyan Friendship Lv. 4About Xinyan Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Xinyan.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Xinyan.ogg Xinyan's music is fire! No pun intended. Man Chai goes crazy for it — always gets him moshing away like a mad gremlin. I'd love to do a joint show together one day. "Roaring Beasts: A Rock 'N' Roll Wushou Dance." Whaddya think, has it got legs?
About Xianyun Friendship Lv. 4About Xianyun Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Xianyun.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Xianyun.ogg Aunty Xianyun always has my back. Once, she saw that my Wushou head was looking a little worse for wear, and instantly said she could make, like, ten more for me, all twice my size. She was pretty insistent — it took me forever to talk her down to just remodeling the one I already had... And boy, is this an improvement! It looks way more impressive, it's much lighter, and the lion blanket constantly rustles in the air like there's an adeptal wind making it dance. I couldn't be happier with it!
About Zhongli Friendship Lv. 4About Zhongli Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Zhongli.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Zhongli.ogg Mr. Zhongli seems like the kind of guy who had an expensive education. Seems like whenever I make a delivery to a teahouse or opera house, he's always there drinking tea, listening to the storyteller, and looking like the smartest guy in the room. Dude, I once overheard him talking to someone about tea — I was like, man, if he ever got talking to my dad, that conversation would go on all night...
About Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4About Charlotte Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming About Charlotte.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_About_Charlotte.ogg Oh, yeah, yeah, the journalist, I know who you mean! All the Fontainians in Yilong Wharf read The Steambird, and sometimes I take a peekski too. Seems like all the best articles have her name on them. Wait! And you were on the front page once! That was you, right?
More About Gaming: IMore About Gaming: IMedia:VO_Gaming More About Gaming - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_More_About_Gaming_-_01.ogg I'm the best wushou-dancer in the Secure Transport Agency, and the busiest guard in the wushou-dancing community, how 'bout that? That do anything for ya?
More About Gaming: II Friendship Lv. 3More About Gaming: II Friendship Lv. 3Media:VO_Gaming More About Gaming - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_More_About_Gaming_-_02.ogg You can tell if someone's a pushover just by looking at their basic kung fu skills: horse stance, kicks, splits, jumps, tumbling... If you can't even hack those, hoo boy. Best-case scenario, you might fall off a high pole during a wushou dance and be bedridden for a couple of weeks. Worst-case scenario, you run into bandits on a delivery run and you can't fight 'em off. Definitely lose the cargo, probably your life too... Scary thought, huh? Yeah, I thought so too — that's why I said it to the other guys in the agency to persuade them to train with me! Hahaha.
More About Gaming: III Friendship Lv. 4More About Gaming: III Friendship Lv. 4Media:VO_Gaming More About Gaming - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_More_About_Gaming_-_03.ogg They're delicate y'know — the wushou head and blanket, the drums, the cymbals — and I practice a lot, so they deteriorate pretty quickly. You gotta be diligent about maintaining that stuff, and it costs a lot of Mora. Then there's the meals out with friends, gift-shopping for birthdays and festivals, spotting my buddies a few Mora when they're strapped for cash... It all adds up. And that's how I blow through pretty much my whole salary every month.
More About Gaming: IV Friendship Lv. 5More About Gaming: IV Friendship Lv. 5Media:VO_Gaming More About Gaming - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_More_About_Gaming_-_04.ogg My dad keeps hoping I'll come 'round to the idea of him teaching me how to do business one day. He doesn't seem to realize that the whole reason I left my hometown in the first place is 'cause I've already figured out what's best for me. Firstly, I wanna show him that my wushou dancing isn't just a phase — I'm gonna make a name for myself or die trying! Secondly... I'm done clashing with him all the time. I don't hate the guy, I mean, he's still my dad and everything, it's just... every time he opens his mouth, it's a verbal assault, and I'd rather stay out of his line of fire!
More About Gaming: V Friendship Lv. 6More About Gaming: V Friendship Lv. 6Media:VO_Gaming More About Gaming - 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_More_About_Gaming_-_05.ogg This bruise here's a fresh one, got it when I was practicing my kicks the other day... And this bump showed up after I took a knock during a somersault. That was last month, and it's almost healed now. This scar right here, though, that was a doozie and a half. I had a bad fall the first time I was practicing on the high pole — cut myself up pretty bad. There was so much blood, I thought my wushou dancing career was over before it began... I've had some near misses since then, but thankfully nothing serious. I'm still up to it... Just gotta keep at it...
Gaming's HobbiesGaming's HobbiesMedia:VO_Gaming Hobbies.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Hobbies.ogg When you go for tea but stay for the dim sum, we call that "yum cha." What you wanna do is get some sweet dim sum and some savory dim sum — gotta make it a balanced meal — and order a mix of ready-made dim sum and made-to-order dim sum, so that you can snack on dim sum while you're waiting on your other dim sum... Funnily enough, I never need lunch on a dim sum day. Lemme know when you're free, I'll take you some time! And don't be afraid to order a bit of everything, you can always pack up the leftovers and take them home.
Gaming's TroublesGaming's TroublesMedia:VO_Gaming Troubles.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Troubles.ogg How much!? ...Alright fine, I'll bite the bullet on the service charge, but I'm not paying extra for a few wet wipes, okay? Matter of fact, I brought my own, so you can keep 'em!
Favorite FoodFavorite FoodMedia:VO_Gaming Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Favorite_Food.ogg I was a little monster when I was a kid. I'd get into trouble, then refuse to apologize, and my exasperated mom would say "I wish I'd given birth to a chunk of char siu instead of you!" Now every time I eat char siu, it makes me think of her...
Least Favorite FoodLeast Favorite FoodMedia:VO_Gaming Least Favorite Food.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Least_Favorite_Food.ogg Everyone says I have weird taste... Call me crazy, but all I want is for my fowl to taste like fowl, and my fish to taste like fish.
Receiving a Gift: IReceiving a Gift: IMedia:VO_Gaming Receiving a Gift - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Receiving_a_Gift_-_01.ogg Dang, are you secretly a god? Because this tastes like heaven! No joke. I'm calling you "kitchen god" from now on.
Receiving a Gift: IIReceiving a Gift: IIMedia:VO_Gaming Receiving a Gift - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Receiving_a_Gift_-_02.ogg You made this yourself? Wow. You're too good to me! Seriously, you are an amazing cook.
Receiving a Gift: IIIReceiving a Gift: IIIMedia:VO_Gaming Receiving a Gift - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Receiving_a_Gift_-_03.ogg I'm a big believer in owning your mistakes and taking criticism on the chin... So next time I upset you, there's no need to go to all this trouble — you can just smack me in the face instead!
BirthdayBirthdayMedia:VO_Gaming Birthday.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Birthday.ogg So a little birdie told me that it's your birthday today... When were you planning on telling me? Tsk... Anyway, I went ahead and made a reservation at Xinyue Kiosk. Eight dishes, a soup, and as much rice as you can eat, with Longevity Buns and Tong Sui for dessert. Plus I invited all your friends along. Uh, and I also put together a little birthday wushou dance for you — nothing extravagant, just a bit of fun really — but yeah, I hope you like it!
Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Feelings About Ascension: Intro Ascension Phase 1Media:VO_Gaming Feelings About Ascension - 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_01.ogg Whoa, is this all for me? Dang, how much did this put you out? You shouldn't have...
Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Feelings About Ascension: Building Up Ascension Phase 2Media:VO_Gaming Feelings About Ascension - 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_02.ogg Oh man, you're trusting me with a lot of power here. But I promise you, it's in good hands. I'm gonna ramp up my kung fu training and hustle hard, watch me!
Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Feelings About Ascension: Climax Ascension Phase 4Media:VO_Gaming Feelings About Ascension - 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_03.ogg If I can guard shipments, I can guard people. Since you seem to trust me, how 'bout I be your bodyguard from now on?
Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Feelings About Ascension: Conclusion Ascension Phase 6Media:VO_Gaming Feelings About Ascension - 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Feelings_About_Ascension_-_04.ogg Thanks for doing the lion's share of the work to get me this far. I know better than to promise I can guarantee your safety in your future travels, but you'd better believe I'll bust a gut trying to help you achieve your dreams!
TitleDetailsElemental SkillElemental SkillMedia:VO Gaming Elemental Skill 1 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Elemental_Skill_1_01.ogg Sorry, pal.Media:VO Gaming Elemental Skill 1 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Elemental_Skill_1_02.ogg Alley-oop!Media:VO Gaming Elemental Skill 1 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Elemental_Skill_1_03.ogg Congratulations!Elemental BurstElemental BurstMedia:VO Gaming Elemental Burst 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Elemental_Burst_01.ogg Many happy returns.Media:VO Gaming Elemental Burst 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Elemental_Burst_02.ogg Hop to it, Man Chai!Media:VO Gaming Elemental Burst 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Elemental_Burst_03.ogg Mighty mythical beast!Sprint StartSprint StartMedia:VO Gaming Sprint Start 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Sprint_Start_01.ogg Media:VO Gaming Sprint Start 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Sprint_Start_02.ogg Media:VO Gaming Sprint Start 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Sprint_Start_03.ogg Sprint EndSprint EndGaming does not feature any Sprint End Voice-Overs.Deploying Wind GliderDeploying Wind GliderMedia:VO Gaming Deploying Wind Glider 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Deploying_Wind_Glider_01.ogg Media:VO Gaming Deploying Wind Glider 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Deploying_Wind_Glider_02.ogg Media:VO Gaming Deploying Wind Glider 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Deploying_Wind_Glider_03.ogg Opening Treasure ChestOpening Treasure ChestMedia:VO Gaming Opening Treasure Chest 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Opening_Treasure_Chest_01.ogg Oh, cool! This stuff looks dope!Media:VO Gaming Opening Treasure Chest 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Opening_Treasure_Chest_02.ogg Where do you want this stuff delivered to, Boss?Media:VO Gaming Opening Treasure Chest 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Opening_Treasure_Chest_03.ogg Good things come to those who wait!Low HPLow HPMedia:VO Gaming Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Low_HP_01.ogg No pain, no gain...Media:VO Gaming Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Low_HP_02.ogg The feeling is mutual...Media:VO Gaming Low HP 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Low_HP_03.ogg Still breathing!Ally at Low HPAlly at Low HPMedia:VO Gaming Ally at Low HP 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Ally_at_Low_HP_01.ogg Take five, I got it!Media:VO Gaming Ally at Low HP 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Ally_at_Low_HP_02.ogg Hey, don't push yourself!FallenFallenMedia:VO Gaming Fallen 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Fallen_01.ogg I gotta... run...Media:VO Gaming Fallen 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Fallen_02.ogg Show's over, folks...Media:VO Gaming Fallen 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Fallen_03.ogg Forget about me, just go...Light Hit TakenLight Hit TakenMedia:VO Gaming Light Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Media:VO Gaming Light Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Media:VO Gaming Light Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Gaming Light Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Gaming Light Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Gaming Light Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Heavy Hit TakenHeavy Hit TakenMedia:VO Gaming Heavy Hit Taken 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Heavy_Hit_Taken_01.ogg Hey, what gives!?Media:VO Gaming Heavy Hit Taken 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Heavy_Hit_Taken_02.ogg Stop it now!Media:VO Gaming Heavy Hit Taken 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Heavy_Hit_Taken_03.ogg Media:VO Gaming Heavy Hit Taken 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Heavy_Hit_Taken_04.ogg Media:VO Gaming Heavy Hit Taken 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Heavy_Hit_Taken_05.ogg Media:VO Gaming Heavy Hit Taken 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Heavy_Hit_Taken_06.ogg Joining PartyJoining PartyMedia:VO Gaming Joining Party 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Joining_Party_01.ogg Ready to rumble!Media:VO Gaming Joining Party 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Joining_Party_02.ogg Got it! I'll start my warm-up routine!Media:VO Gaming Joining Party 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Joining_Party_03.ogg Is there time to sneak in some dim sum first?Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Character Idles(Note: Chat & Weather voice-over can also be heard as idles.)Media:VO Gaming Standby 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Standby_01.ogg Media:VO Gaming Standby 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Standby_02.ogg Light AttackLight AttackMedia:VO Gaming Light Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Gaming Light Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Gaming Light Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Attack_03.ogg Media:VO Gaming Light Attack 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Attack_04.ogg Media:VO Gaming Light Attack 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Attack_05.ogg Media:VO Gaming Light Attack 06.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Attack_06.ogg Media:VO Gaming Light Attack 07.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Light_Attack_07.ogg Mid AttackMid AttackMedia:VO Gaming Mid Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Mid_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Gaming Mid Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Mid_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Gaming Mid Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Mid_Attack_03.ogg Heavy AttackHeavy AttackMedia:VO Gaming Heavy Attack 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Heavy_Attack_01.ogg Media:VO Gaming Heavy Attack 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Heavy_Attack_02.ogg Media:VO Gaming Heavy Attack 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Heavy_Attack_03.ogg ClimbingClimbingMedia:VO Gaming Climbing 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Climbing_01.ogg Media:VO Gaming Climbing 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Climbing_02.ogg Media:VO Gaming Climbing 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Climbing_03.ogg Climbing BreathClimbing BreathMedia:VO Gaming Climbing Breath 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Climbing_Breath_01.ogg Media:VO Gaming Climbing Breath 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Climbing_Breath_02.ogg Media:VO Gaming Climbing Breath 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Climbing_Breath_03.ogg JumpingJumpingMedia:VO Gaming Jumping 01.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Jumping_01.ogg Media:VO Gaming Jumping 02.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Jumping_02.ogg Media:VO Gaming Jumping 03.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Jumping_03.ogg Media:VO Gaming Jumping 04.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Jumping_04.ogg Media:VO Gaming Jumping 05.ogghttps://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/File:VO_Gaming_Jumping_05.ogg 
  Characters  (Voice-Overs)AnotherWorld
Upcoming Characters announced by HoYoverse.
OverviewLoreVoice-OversOutfitsCompanionGallery
Gaming can be invited as a Companion into the player's Serenitea Pot after obtaining him and completing the World Quest Idle Teapot Talk.
If a character's favorite furnishing set is placed in the same realm as the character for the first time, the character will automatically teleport to the furnishing set. Interacting with the character will initiate a special dialogue, after which the character will teleport back to their original position.
Gaming has 2 Favorite Furnishing Sets:Furnishing SetRewardsCloudy Haze Dream-Court 20 2 20,000Gathering of Gourmets 20 1 20,000
Media:vo gaming mimitomo hello 01.ogg Gaming: Hey buddy! Good to see you again.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo hello 02.ogg Gaming: This place is dope! And so huge...
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg Gaming: Are you kidding me? Isn't it obvious?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg Gaming: Well, I dunno how you haven't noticed, but I totally love it here! I mean, you built this whole place from the ground up! How cool is that!?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg Gaming: To get specific though, here's three reasons why I dig this place: It's fun, chill, and I can sleep with both eyes closed!
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg Gaming: Hahaha! You got that from me, didn't you?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg Gaming: Anyway, look — I wanna level with you. In my mind, there's a fine line between graciously accepting the hospitality of your host and being a leech.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg Gaming: Now, I know you won't let me pay any rent while I'm here, 'cause we're friends and all, but I will at least insist on making myself useful. So, if you catch me cleaning or gardening at any point — don't try and stop me.
 I couldn't possibly make a guest do my chores...
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg Gaming: Knew you'd say that. But if all I am is a guest, does that mean you want me to treat this like a hotel?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg Gaming: Or would you rather I made myself at home?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg Gaming: Okay, so do you have any objection to me cleaning up after myself while I'm in my own home?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg Gaming: I'll give you to the count of three to raise any objections — ready? Three! Okay, great, no objections! Glad that's settled.
 Would you like to have a chat with me?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg Gaming: Heck yeah! Always! And especially now, since you suggested it and everything.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg Gaming: But before that — is your throat dry? Course it is, so's mine. Lemme make some tea real quick...
 You have a very entertaining way of talking!
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03a 1.ogg Gaming: Huh? Oh, heh... Sorry, I bet half of what I say goes right over your head, huh?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03a 2.ogg Gaming: I must get it from my mom. She raised me, so all my habits come from her, including my turns of phrase.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03a 3.ogg Gaming: If I ever say something that you don't understand, or it goes down like a lead balloon, please stop me and demand that I explain what I mean in normal-person terms.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03a 4.ogg Gaming: Really, I insist — it's no trouble. Besides, hang out with me enough and I'm sure you'll be speaking fluent Gaming-ese before long!
 Gonna brew one of your signature herbal teas?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03b 1.ogg Gaming: Oh, uh... Sorry to disappoint. I'm afraid all I have with me is this Single-Origin Yauwan from my hometown...
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03b 2.ogg Gaming: But, if you want, I can take a look around your garden and scrounge some infusable foliage and whatnot to put aside for drying.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03b 3.ogg Gaming: Then, in the future, I can make herbal teas on demand for you — Oh, everyone else here.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg Gaming: Ah, and if we're drinking tea, we're gonna need some nibbles!
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg Gaming: Luckily, I brought a sizeable stash of Winter Melon Cakes with me. Here's some for you... and here's a bunch for all your other guests...
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg Gaming: Wait! I almost forgot to count what's-her-face! Li'l Chubbikins, the one by the entrance.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg Gaming: Oh, sorry, I just mean she's round and chubby. Has she always lived here? It seems like it.
 Her name is Tubby. And yes, she was here even before me.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg Gaming: Ahh, okay, Tubby, Tubby... My bad.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg Gaming: Cool, cool... You seem to know all sorts of amazing people from all over the place.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg Gaming: Makes sense though. Everyone adores you — you're smart, talented, and there isn't a bad bone in your body.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg Gaming: What's that? Me too? Hahaha, if you say so!
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg Gaming: You know, I haven't done a high-pole Wushou dance in aaages! I might go and gather some wood that I can sand down and use as Plum Blossom Poles.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg Gaming: I should be able to find some in the area, but I wanna check first — do you have any Money Trees or Lucky Bamboo growing here?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg Gaming: If so, I'll make a note of where they are so I can keep my distance. Wouldn't want to scratch one by mistake, that would ruin everything...
 What do Money Trees and Lucky Bamboo look like?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04a 1.ogg Gaming: You know, I'm not actually sure. I've delivered loads of them for business clients before, but they all seemed like different species.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04a 2.ogg Gaming: Dude, getting those things from where they grow in the mountains down into the city is a mammoth task. Not only is it a long journey, but they don't let you prune any of the branches off, and you have to water them according to a strict schedule...
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04a 3.ogg Gaming: It's no joke. Fighting off ten bandits is an easier job than shifting one of those...
 Do you believe Money Trees can really make you rich?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04b 1.ogg Gaming: How would I know? Apparently they're so expensive, you'll bankrupt yourself buying one — I don't have the Mora to find out what happens after that!
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04b 2.ogg Gaming: We actually have one at home though. My dad pays a visit to it first thing every morning.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04b 3.ogg Gaming: It hasn't made him rich so far, but I guess it does a good job of getting him to start each day fantasizing about being rich...? Uh, don't tell my dad I said that, or he'll be like, "Come here, son, I made a knuckle sandwich just for you!"
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg Gaming: Hehe, anyway, it's easy to poke fun at business people and their strange rituals when I don't know the first thing about business. But a client's a client, so I'll always respect their wishes down to the last detail.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg Gaming: If they say it has to be watered at such-and-such a time of day on the dot, or left in the sun for exactly x minutes, then I'll do exactly as they say. No questions asked.
 Sounds like you know at least the first thing about doing business.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg Gaming: Haha, that was a figure of speech and you know it. Being true to your word isn't a business skill, it's just the decent thing to do.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg Gaming: It's basic respect to keep your promises to other people. But you know that, obviously — you always say what you mean and mean what you say. Your word is your bond.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg Gaming: In any case, I gotta hold up my end of the deal to keep my job. I couldn't afford to do my Wushou dance without it.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg Gaming: Anyway, will you join me to gather some wood for Plum Blossom Poles? I'll repay you in the form of a Wushou dance called "Auspicious Beast Versus Money Tree." Sound good?
 Why didn't you say so? Let's go, I wanna see that!
Media:vo gaming mimitomo morning 01.ogg Gaming: Good morning to you too! I just finished my run, then practiced my horse stance and a few kicks.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo morning 02.ogg Gaming: How's your day looking? I still got a few more moves to practice here, but do you wanna meet at the teahouse after I'm done?
Media:vo gaming mimitomo night 01.ogg Gaming: Oh okay, night! You got enough blankets, yeah? Make sure you wrap up nice 'n' warm.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo night 02.ogg Gaming: If you can't get to sleep and you need some company, lemme know! Whether there's stuff you wanna get off your mind, or you just wanna catch up on work, I'm down for hanging out.
Media:vo gaming mimitomo night 03.ogg Gaming: If you have a bad night, I'll make you an herbal tea tomorrow. No seriously, nighttime restlessness is all 'cause of heatiness, too.
When a character is invited to or invites themselves to their favorite set for the first time, the character will provide a reward. They will provide a reward for each of their favorite sets.
Inviting them to the furnishing set again will replay the dialogue, but no further reward will be given.
Media:vo mimitomo ly gaming restaurant 01.ogg Gaming: Some of the greatest heroes come from the humblest of origins. I think that the same goes for good food too.
Media:vo mimitomo ly gaming restaurant 02.ogg Gaming: There's an intimacy and charm to humble roadside stalls that no fancy restaurant could hope to replicate. Plus, you get to try food from a bunch of different chefs in the same place.
Media:vo mimitomo ly gaming restaurant 03.ogg Gaming: The question is... Which place shall we start with? Any recommendations?
Media:vo mimitomo ly gaming bedroom 01.ogg Gaming: I've been burning the candle at both ends recently, with nighttime guard duty for some of my clients in between delivery jobs. We take turns, but it still means I rarely get to sleep the whole night.
Media:vo mimitomo ly gaming bedroom 02.ogg Gaming: That's on top of the fact that getting proper rest on a delivery job is impossible. I doze a bit, but sitting up so that I'm ready to leap into action at the first sign that something's amiss...
Media:vo mimitomo ly gaming bedroom 03.ogg Gaming: It's so nice to have a break from all that... *yawn* I'm so ready to switch off and get a good night's sleep.
Released in Version 4.4[Create New History]
